 The only reason uni of hate Beckett so much is because we got the better Brownlee brother #letsbehonest
 Is it possible to have a 3 day hangover? Was I in the worst state of my life 3 days ago? Yes. Will I be drinking again tomorrow also yes.
 Just sneezed in brotherton. Pretty sure even Oxley could hear the echo
 Went to Oxfess to check out the competition. Found out that their balls can cost up to £200... Big up Leeds ball for only being £35 and way more fun ❤️
 If you used to have really nice flatmates that supported you in everything but that now just make nasty snide comments and generally make you feel uncomfortable and like shit and you know it clap your hands. 👏
 Petition to have Roger Stevens renamed to the Steven Rogers building  in honour of the finest piece of ass the world has ever seen.
 telling your mates you like someone then have them ignore your messages for 16 hours is so typical
 right now i’d kill for an STD  would mean i’m actually having sex
 To the girl I met and shagged last night. I d appreciate it if you didn t steal my Gucci hoodie to pay your rent.
 When i m not getting my way in an argument *hits giant blue meme button* CRY
 Supposed to be revising but all I can think about are my poor nintendogs that probably died 10 years ago
 JS I can’t stop thinking about how gorge you are  from your secret admirer xxxx
 If A Uni of/Beckett relationship is like Romeo and Juliet  whats the Uni of/Trinity equivalent?
 I only buy event tickets to chat to the pretty girls who buy them off me 😔
 LeedsFess allows me to attention seek without exposing myself #win
 gay rat wedding
 Sarcasm is the highest form of wit - prove me wrong
 Is there a society for basic bitches with no hobbies?
 Heartbreaking to see all the people who commented they haven’t made friends at uni. I’ve been blessed to meet the most lovely brilliant people this year and had an old friend transfer to Beckett. Last year  I wasn’t so lucky. If anyone wants to join for a board game night  you are honestly welcome. This is a genuine invitation. Just comment and I’ll message. I’ve commented on previous posts with my friends Neve and NS so you can message me directly.  Loneliness is one of the most horrible and deeply unnecessary feelings. Reach out if you see someone struggling.
 Would people kindly start posting more stories at garden party! I m still revising but want to be involved 😭
 anyone currently in eddy b and not garden party fancy starting a little sesh on level 9? sure we can get some tunes blaring out the helpdesk s microphone
 I have a ticket for distortion but none of my mates are available so was thinking of going on my ones  any likeminded people out there who wanna make a little gang?
 AD we’ve known each other a while now  but realising I like you
 The fact you all claim Drum and base is the best when 90s-00s Trance and house exists clearly shows you just like it cause it’s supposed to be cool.
 WHERE ARE ALL THE TURKISH BOYS?? NEED TO GET MARRIED YANOOO
 Look if you haven’t even licked the disco ball in Hifi then you’re not worth my time
 If you don’t call a singular sheep a shep and multiple sheep sheeps you’re doing it wrong xx
 For anyone feeling super stressed with their degree or life in general atm - put on Hannah Montana’s The Climb right now. Guarantee you’ll feel 1000 times better for it
 Heard a rumour that salsa society has orgies and  considering how fit all the girls are  this has made me want to join 💃🏻💃🏻
 RS I’ll sing Stairway to Heaven for you anyday...if you know what I mean
 Tories writing their opinions in the comments of Leedsfesses are always a good laugh
 Fuck I love country music 🎤
 Never thought I’d see the day where I’m upset about having to leave Liberty Dock but here I am
 Using your toenails as toothpicks >>>>>
 Actually despise the wet wipes that claim they haven’t revised for an exam but come out with a first . Fuck off back to slytherin you snakes 🐍
 If uni gave us answers of the upcoming exam papers  everything would be fine
 having bpd is difficult  especially when however much you try to explain it to your friends they refuse to make an effort to understand how your brain works. everyone out there  remember to make an effort to support and understand your friends if they’ve opened up to you.
 If you’re currently at garden party pt2 then I hate you
 Saw something earlier about rats but who TF is feeding the sentinel tower rats steroids
 imagine being one of those tories who kicks bins over in hyde park after a night out  I know mummy and daddy clean up after you at home but somebody has to do it up here bbs x grow x up x
 So after going to neighborhood we realized that Tom Grennan and George Ezra sum up Leeds.  One would live in James Bailie doing ket all day and the other would boast in his Charles Morris kitchen how amazing his gap year in Barcelona was.
 Like if exams make ur mental health rapidly deteriorate and you don’t know how to cope ha ha help
 I want me a history boy
 Everyone download the app  too good to go . You can buy bags of unsold food from decent restaurants (including sushi places and carveries) for about £3  just go and pick it up after you pay through the app  absolute lifesaver if you want decent food as a student  especially when it means you can just pick up a good fuckin meal after a long day at uni/exam on your wau home
 Where all the producers at in leeds? Need someone to share my passion with and possibly collab?!? Xxxxxxxxx
 What is a Beckett?
 Imagine a world where whethers did delivery
 Who loves the bakery 164 guy Go there everyday! He’s coffee skills send shivers down my spine
 no bigger flex than hearing ‘big hitter’ when you step up in rounders
 MW hurry up and talk to me. I leave for summer in two weeks. Get it done please xx
 Can boys and girls ever just be friends. Discuss.
 AB you’re very loved  keep going xxx
 For anyone struggling to concentrate but can’t work without music the “music for concentration” playlist on Spotify ABSOLUTELY BANGS
 Odds on me telling my Nan that Farage isn’t gunna shag her the next time she tell’s me about him being a ‘great bloke’?
 Don’t you just hate it when people are like you get out what you put in? Like nah I’m gonna sleep and rewatch the whole series of friends and blame the system when I inevitably fail
 Please please post this Leedsfess Im dying to know who she was...  The other day you  a brunette girl with glasses walked past me laughing outside Sentinel Towers. You were wearing a hoody with a wolf on & were with a blonde guy with glasses. I think you were laughing at me  but even so  I just want you to know... You are super cute  please comment below. Love from the tall guy with glasses from Tower A. Ps: lets get married and have blind babies together
 To the fit guy that answered the door to me about my parcel at 48 Chestnut av  reveal yourself!
 Does anyone else remember getting a toy in every cereal box or did I hallucinate all that?? And if you had siblings you would have shovel around in the box to get it out the literal second you get home or risk losing it
 You know you re an alcoholic when you smell someone s red bull in the library and your first thought is jagerbombs
 Feel like pure shit  just wanna be able to go on a night out without having a panic attack again
 Controversial opinion: central village is not haunted you’re all just off your tits on drugs all the time lol
 I’m 900% sure I’ve failed all my exams but I’m more disappointed I failed to pull anyone at fruity all year :(
 Is it just me or does anyone else love it when taxi drivers wave at each other even if theyre different companies? Modern day romeo and juliets
 Yoo to the girl who moved seats in health sciences because I was playing music too loud just wanna say I m sorry :( and you an absolute cutieeee
 Exams haven t made me fat  just softer at the edges
 Me: trying to concentrate on Shakespeare s use of iambic pentameter in my exam   My brain  in the ate of the bald joiking Norwegian man on Eurovision: He lå e loi la
 You know you’ve made it as a northerner when you get sunburnt in Hyde park and walk around with your chilli con carne face as a badge of honour
 AW  if you talk about Ariana Grande one more time  I will rip up our contract for the house next year
 I would just like to say a massive thank you to my house mates and friends not sure what I am going to do with out you. You have seen me in some states in the last 24 hours
 My mum text me this morning and instead of saying good luck for your exam she just said ‘it’ll be over soon...’ and honestly that is mood rn
 That moment when you realize that your failures are not because of your lack of ability or talent but because of your lack of will to put in the work.
 @LeedsFess16390 I can count the amount of times I changed my bedsheets on one finger mate you ain t shit
 The only thing my law degree has taught me thus far is to cry internally instead of externally.
 When your student card doesn t let you through the barrier into eddy B at 8am its more stressful than your oyster card not letting you out of the underground in rush hour
 Is there anyone doing an economics degree who actually wants to use it to make the world a better place? Everyone seems to want to become investment bankers ffs.
 I’m a first year. Are penises real? Please help. Heart for yes  like for no
 Can t wait to have to resit in summer!
 Thanks to the girl who just played the superman theme tune out loud by accident in eddy b silent section  really bought us all together for a little giggle x don’t be too embarrassed x
 Why is no one talking about how annoying the BRISTOL accent is  please remove your farmer ass from public
 Don’t slam design degrees. We have worked our arses off all year round  submitted our dissertations 3 months earlier than everybody else  pulled around 50 all nighters  had our work criticised by our tutors no matter how much of our heart and soul has been put into it. Don’t start targeting us because you now have to start studying for exams and we have finished a full year!
 My boyfriend plays clash of clans but I still love him xx must be the one
 Disabled loos in eddy b are the best place to take nudes
 Imagine getting sunburnt
 @LeedsFess #16377  You may have passed an std test  but I have passed a pregnancy test.
 To the person who found my debit card and spent £147 you’re going to hell.
 just learned that you can increase a behaviour by associating it with a reinforcing stimuli. so now i do a balloon after revising each lecture
 Jaws has a better story than Harry Potter
 All this talk of CV being haunted is bringing back memories of Gary the ghost from Henry Price last year
 Going places on your own is underrated.  Go for food by yourself. Go shopping by yourself. Go to concerts by yourself. Go to the cinema by yourself. Go for walks by yourself.   It s so important to learn how to do stuff on your own  and I don t think enough people at uni realise that.
 MY flatmate wipes his BUM with A4 LINED PAPER.  Should I be scared
 Leeds uni security has acquired a little german shepard  and she s the cutest little thing.
 Started calling every guy I see daddy unironically help
 Everyone’s out her complaining about exams and us medics haven’t even finished lectures yet 🙃
 I m not a bottom but kinda enjoying being fucked up the arse by these exams. Most action I ve had in a while anyway 👍🏼🙃
 Having a weak bladder is all toilet and wash until you’re on Hyde park couple of tinnies down and no option but the bushes
 MUST STOP WATCHING  BEST OF FRIDAY NIGHT DINNER  WHILE TRYING TO WORK. SEND HELP. #SHALOMJACKIE #WILSON
 To the girl in pink pants who was rolling around on the toilet floor during fruity  I have mad respect
 If you wear stone island you’re a wanker. Sorry I don’t make the rules
 @ #LeedsFess15883 whoever you are  thank you for introducing this into my life  I am eternally grateful 😍
 Nobody cares about your CV ghost stories. Sorry you have the deadest accommodation that that’s the only interesting thing you can talk about. You do have a wii though tbf!!
 a bouncer once  told me i had the prettiest ID he’d seen and ngl i think about that a lot
 Went onto Oxfess to procrastinate (ran out of that sweet Leedsfess content) and I can honestly say I ve never been so bored in my life
 If Uni gave us fucking answers for the exam past papers  everything would be better
 I don t give a shit about Nexus  why has the uni spent loads of money on something that isn t even for students instead of MORE STUDY SEATS 😠
 honestly hate it when my initials are involved in a leedsfess and my friends don’t tag me :( pure rejection jx
 yeah exams are stressful but have you tried packing your shopping at aldi tills as they’re scanning it
 Honestly people who still buy pre-grated cheese need to grow up
 Best block in central village? A- sad react B- angry react C- heart D- laugh
 if you try and use your dog to bait people on tinder into swiping right you’re the most unoriginal fucker out there
 Where are all the good Christian girls at?
 If there’s one thing I hate about uni  it’s the fake accent bullshit. Drop the uni accent love  you’re from Oldham.
 Is it okay that I love DnB and Katy Perry?
 Can we just have a Bruno Mars night in Leeds already???
 Whoever’s DJing in Burley Park right now  let me know your name. Banger after banger going off...
 To the lass at fruity last night (24/05) who asked if I was alright when I was sitting on the stairs in fruity  very drunk  videoing my descent on snapchat while my friend went and got other friends to help take me home (carry me) ~ thank you  I have just watched over the video and cringed but remembered you were there making sure I was okay. You’re an angel x
 Where are all the other WWFC fans up in Leeds? Mek yerselves known #wolvesaywe
 Why are all the girls on graphic design so fit?? When I see any of you with those portfolio bags my heart skips a beat 😍😍
 When you go to beckett and don t get library jokes because you don t go to the library... like is eddy b a person? Sounds like a massive cunt
 AB  you’re a lovely housemate  but do you have to shower for 45 minutes EVERY day? i just want to brush my teeth...
 If you want some more procrastination  Pokemon 3 is available to watch for free currently. https://www.pokemon.com/uk/pokemon-episodes/pokemon-movies/pokemon-3-the-movie-2001
 Feel like pure shit. Just want her back.
 Falling for someone who lives across the country is SHIT
 I might have threw up at fruity  I might have struggled to get home in one piece  but at least I don t have a Brummie accent
 PW in econ  always found you kinda cute but never got to know you better  hope we can change that (unless you re dating in which case my bad) sincerely  someone too nervous to ask you to coffee
 *doesnt go to any lectures* “WTF THAT EXAM WAS SOOO UNFAIR”
 It’s time for sparknotes to save my degree
 Where was my invite lads? https://www.yorkshireeveningpost.co.uk/news/crime/12-hour-student-street-party-left-headingley-residents-too-scared-to-leave-their-houses-1-9786368/amp
 Theresa May resigns on my last exam. Two disastrous terms concluding on the same day  how cute
 BR you’re so amazing you’re girlfriend doesn’t deserve you at all
 ive just finished my first year at beckett and for mental health reasons ive failed to make any friends from my own uni as i never went in - my bf and the few friends i made through him go to uni of. i really need someone to hang with who are friends i have made independently from him-  i dont want to spiral back into depression over summer !  yours sincerely  a very lonely beckett gal 😞
 Terrace? More like room full of regretful fruity shags
 Reasons to cry: financial maths 1
 Imagine still having exams lol
 can count the number of times I’ve changed my bed sheets this year on one hand
 it s difficult to know that i m facing homelessness once I finish my degree and seeking emergency housing from the council whilst simultaneously listening to my posh flatmates talk about the holidays they ll be going in this summer despite never having had a job and complain they re so poor all the time. : )
 To the half Greek guy C from fruity who lives across the street  thanks for last night but I need a way to contact/see you again x
 The fact that other subjects are probably being examined on normal shit while in Computer Science we re being examined on the governing rules of Spaceship registration systems on the planet Xor (no I m not joking) really says it all...
 I’m just trying to ball with my bros
 I didn t know until recently this was an issue... Like for can t be arsed Angry for can t be asked
 Is it just me or do 90% of relatively attractive people have dogshit as a personality
 Who invented proof by contradiction? What is the point ?
 i hate cheese. And im allowed to hate cheese. In fact im proud to hate cheese. Because cheese is DISGUSTANG!
 Definitely in the worst state of my life last night.
 Fruity smoking area  genuinely one of the most depressing places I ve ever been...
 #LeedsFess16279 I’m uni of and did BTEC. Your mum is a sket
 hello leeds. fruity. yes. come.
 Only test I’ve passed this year is my std test
 No one: Message at 4am: yOoOoOoOO cOmE mINe... 😐
 OM thinks about shagging Theresa May all the time
 Why can t lecturers understand that not finishing their lecture in time probs means that it s too bloody long!?
 As a Male I struggle a lot with my body and I don’t know how to tell anyone. Constantly checking for weight loss/muscle gain  don’t eat properly  being sick often without telling friends and exercise a lot everyday. Especially being in Leeds  a very sporty uni  I feel myself constantly comparing myself to others and I don’t know what to do  I know it’s unhealthy but I can’t see any end in sight.
 Checking my bank balance on the toilet so I can be fully prepared to shit myself
 As if they made a beckett confessions page because they couldn’t handle the banter ahahaha stop crying huns this why you failed alevels?
 SOMEONE PLEASE JUST TELL ME IF MY RELATIONSHIP WILL LAST YEAR ABROAD
 Have I got a yeast Infection or an STD? Guess we ll never know.
 Can’t wait to move out of Dev- purely so I don’t have to listen to that awful cover of payphone one more time. You know who you are gals. Please stfu  love from the rest of grovesnor xoxox
 In reply to #LeedsFess16281 I also believe CV is haunted - I shit you not - a few months ago we got a random knock on the door and there was some random girl crying stood on the other side that we didn’t know. Obvs didn’t answer it because it was fucking creepy. She then slowly made her way round all the other doors on the floor knocking and no-one answered  probably either not in or thinking the same thing as us. Next minute she’s disappeared with no sound of the lift and I didn’t even hear the stairs door go. Only a few mins later the power went off in Central Village. Never used to believe in all of that stuff but I kid you not there’s something creepy going on.
 You can tell a person’s character by how many pens they take into an exam
 Feel like pure shit just want GCSEs back
 Feel like pure shit just want non sunburnt skin back
 Nothing more tragic then when you make yourself in sims and they just spend the whole day crying
 like for “hummus”  heart for “houmous”
 Tin of baked beans:  2 of your 5-a-day!   Me: perfect  I m used to settling for 40%
 I don’t like ket  DnB or fila disruptors. Why on earth did I pick Leeds?
 shoutout to the girl who found my phone underneath the seat on the train  rang my friend back after multiple missed calls and got off the train to give it to me😭😭😭😭😭😭 wish i knew who you were
 Anyone have any tips on what to do when you ve run out of happy chemicals? Really struggling lately and I ve been trying to do all the right things like exercise  socialise  rest... I just can t enjoy any of it though
 When in doubt chunder it out
 Caramel digestives are just millionaires shortbread and you heard it from me (OM) first x
 Shoutout to admins of Bristruths who came up with this anonymous concept  and has lead to the creation of some many children such as Leedsfess and Oxfess
 to the blonde guy that stole the entire tub of BBQ sauce yesterday from old bar - I am very disappointed in you
 Facebook messenger reacts have honestly saved me from so many replies
 to the guy in the hotdog outfit on victoria road last night  i hope you’re okay
 So who else has had sex with their subwarden?
 @ #LeedsFess16286   can confirm that the CV ghost is real - multiple times in my flat things would ‘fall’ down or off benches when no one was near them  and i once saw a bag i had hanging on a peg swinging side to side - not like someone just walked past it  but properly swinging (can provide proof). The people need an explanation
 People call the me  the kettle  because I m always fucking steaming
 been seeing a lot of new faces in the exam room that I haven’t seen before in lectures
 Nothing says virgin like a Top Fan badge
 If my lecturer says  a-mine-o acid  instead of  a-meen-o acid  one more time I m going to go fucking spare I swear
 depression during exams season? groundbreaking
 who is the powerman. ive heard he is gorgeous
 Tag the most annoying couple you know
 Yeah sex is good but have you ever opened the cutlery drawer and there s actually been a fork in there
 CH gonna ask me out or what?
 To the girl in brotherton who accidently wrote on her white trousers instead of your paper  your fit x
 Wish I could see the look on 2019 freshers faces when they scroll through leedsfess innocently to then discover what they’ve got themselves in for..
 now I can t procrastinate by watching game of thrones i guess ill be doing a lot more wanking
 How wrong is it to study with a drink?
 I ve turned into the token  hot american  that everyone hooks up with this year and its been both the best and absolutely worst thing to happen to me. Thank you Leeds for taking my virginity and self worth.
 To the boy who taped tiny crocs to the bottom of his crutches - you are my IDOL
 Want to shout out to my bro rufus the doggo on richmond avenue!! You never fail to brighten up my day everytime you randomly rumage around our kitchen! Keep up the good work and i hope to see you again soon!
 Is there an award for successfully cheating? My bf got let in by my flatmate to surprise me  which from my room I heard... at this point I had no choice but to immediately shove the boy I had lying in bed with me into my en suite toilet  to then get my bf onto the bed (out of view of the toilet)  with music playing loudly so the boy could slowly try slip out the room without my bf seeing  safe to say it seemed to have worked  we have been happily together since for 3 weeks
 Am I in love with my flatmate or am I just bored and horny
 Is it okay to ask someone to stop talking in the library? Like - Yes  Angry - No
 can we all give an angry react to the scum in this world that don’t recycle
 24/05 (Around 5:45 in Hyde Park) - To the girl who bent the ball like Beckham and kicked it over my head as I was running to get it  will you marry me?
 Bit of a long/more serious one but i need some advice so here goes. i m really not enjoying my time at uni - i don t think this is the uni or city for me and i m really miserable here. i don t feel happy with the few friends that i ve made and whenever i see all my home friends in other cities i get so jealous that they re enjoying their experience. my parents are telling me to stick it out because i m in second year  but i don t want to look back on my uni experience as having  stuck it out  and got it over with  i want to be enjoying my time here. i would transfer to another uni but my main concern is that i m just now about to finish second year  so even if i went to another uni and re sat second year there wouldn t everyone have already settled in and made friends? i ve also already signed onto my house for third year so i feel like i m roped into seeing it through  even though the thought of having to live there with my housemates and stay here for another year makes me completely dread next year. i m worried this is a case of  the grass is always greener  and that if i were to move uni i d regret it and be just as miserable somewhere else. does anyone please have any advice or have any experience with starting at a new uni in second year? i feel so lost  miserable  and find myself wishing i d gone to a different uni on the daily...
 can the union start selling ice coffee PLEASE getting refills from caffe nero is impossible for my wallet
 Just want to say good luck to everyone with your exams and remember that getting a 2.1 or 1st is almost completely pointless with a lot of employers nowadays unless you do Law or something like that. So try to focus on your mental health  personal development  and don t let bad grades get you down too much!  <3
 To the house with the flags at the end of Hyde park road  roundabout way... give me some of what you’re having. HOW are you always having a good time
 Feel sorry for the first years thinking they only need to pass this year  only to realise they need a 2:1 to be considered for a year abroad or work placement
 SPOTTED epitome of edgy Leeds: a lass wearing Playboy joggers  layered t-shirt’s  a chain  hair band & Airforce sat in Eddy B with a Macbook and Chilly’s water bottle. Reveal yourself
 Cba. Been calling it the ‘naughties’ All my life. Thinking ye 90’s were a pretty naughty time to be around. Today I found out it’s noughties  as in nine.
 Yes it is 20 degrees. Yes I was in Leeds. Yes I got sunburnt. No I am not ginger
 How can these people doing BTEC degrees be having the audacity to clog up the library? Graphics students paying £9k a year for a hobby
 Who’s idea was it have exams on a Saturday of a bank holiday weekend...
 Controversial opinion: ABBA is shit
 ive shagged almost all of the POLIS students so have now had to move on to the teaching staff
 The first yawn at the library is like the first drop of rain at a picnic; no choice but to pack everything up and go home
 petition for snapchat to create a mullet hair filter so we can all Pretend we went to boarding school and live in Charles Morris
 My new procrastination strategy is looking at couples who tag each other in Leeds Fesses and seeing if they match up attractiveness wise.
 Seeing as it s exams season and everyone s stressed  drop your favourite HeadSpace sleep casts below
 The fair-haired guy who does the maths support sessions at laidlaw makes me wish I needed help with maths !! 10/10!!
 Can we all just appreciate that Jamie Oliver’s restaurants are going into administration 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻 #gordonftw #fallofthecanteenhitler #ImiSspRopERriBeNA
 What do architecture students even do in their degree apart from play glorified sims 4 all day?
 It seems that my housemates and I are so similar that we all need to take a shit at the same time
 After that exam I think it’s time to play marvins room for the next 24 hours
 Lots of degrees arent worth the tuition fee you pay for it but at least with business you get a free ipad out of it
 University right now has me feeling like how everybody else feels  when James Charles starts singing
 Blonde girl in the flowery trousers I hope you found a calculator!!!
 Good morning to everyone except white people with dreadlocks
 In desperate need of a new squad  possibly as fun as the  New Girl  characters
 ATTENTION PLEASE  Today the 24th of May Leedsfess officially became the most followed confession page in the UK finally surpassing Oxfess!!!! Leeds students  faculty and admins be fucking proud for yourselves
 Any girls out there who wanna sexually dominate me? Exams got me needing a release...
 I swear it s bank holiday every other week
 Theresa May did Geography at university... nuff said
 I may not agree with their politics  but the Brexit Party does have the best colour scheme ngl
 I saw a girl from uni post about her fight with anorexia. I dont know her well but I ve told my mum about mine today. Thankyou for speaking out I know how hard it is.
 If anyone needs it  there s self-harm support groups in leeds. Each one runs every 4 weeks at various locations in Leeds centre ( city hub [next to merrion centre] and lovell park ) and outer Leeds ( Armley  Seacroft). Just turn-up  no sign-up needed.   link : https://www.battle-scars-self-harm.org.uk/support-groups-adults.html
 The ultimate guide of knowing how and when to get a seat in libraries during exam period: 1. Eddy B The most popular/busy library by FAR. So i ll be very clear and direct with you - you WILL NOT get a seat in eddy B worth your time past 9am  your chances are pretty low already by 8.45  trust. People in eddy B are a whole new level  who cares about rules  people arrive at 8am  save a seat  leave and don t come back till they can be asked. So once you ve missed the morning slot it s a bye bye till about 7pm when you re bound to get a seat when people fuck off back home for dinner.   For weekend -  don t trust the librarians  they re SNEAKY LITTLE SNAKES. According to minerva opening hour: 10am - ignore that. They actually let people in at 9.45am. Its like bloody wimbledon outside eddy B on the weekends so you better have your camping gear.  2. Brotherton All the clever people are starting to come here as they are realising that eddy b isn t all unicorns and rainbows. But beware  brotherton  although it is more civilised  it s full at peak times as well. It is essential to be there within first 1hr 30min of opening to get a seat  and if you arrive mid morning 0r mid afternoon  the only place you ll get a seat is in the dreaded deep dark depths of floor 1  where it is rather peaceful (once you learn to ignore the creaks and potential stomping of people above). On the weekend  these losers are queuing outside as well so be there with camping gear for round 2  and be prepared to be kicked out by loudspeaker at 4.15pm.  3. Laidlaw A big fat DITCH - absolutely not worth you re time unless you re nocturnal and work at 4am which just isn t productive anyway.. Its design is a waste of space and can fit approx...no students.  4. Health sciences  You might think you ve found the one library which won t be busy  because no one actually knows where it is let alone how to get it... But i assure you  it s being used alright. It s full of all the keen scientists and medical students and - they don t take breaks so gd luck trying to poach seats.  Sincerely from someone who has learnt the art of the library.
 Possible TW but have really struggled with my ED since coming to uni  especially with my flatmate & best friend being very invested in losing weight. Any advice on best ways to not struggle so much?
 If you leave your books at a desk over night in order to permanently reserve the study spot  I will find it and I will hide your stuff in a corner
 Shoutout to my girlfriend who has nearly survived the absolute madness that is her exam period. So proud of you!
 Degree? Completed it mate
 To the boys at dev who thought it d be live to listen to hard core techno whilst debating whether the railways should be nationalised  please may you be quiet tonight  some of us have exams xo
 Sucks that I ve found so many great places in Leeds  but have nobody to share them with because I have no friends 🙃
 Anyone else find all their flat conversations circling back to porn and sex? Or is that just my house
 To anyone with a Chilly’s bottle with the new logo: we know you only got one to fit in.
 Part 4 of cv ghost stories  Now this is the point where I urge my fellow residents to submit their own horror stories. I’ve heard rumours of dark shaddows being seen at the end of people’s beds  seeing or hearing a black shaddow running through their kitchen ect.  Wish all of us at CV luck for the remaining weeks of our tenancy.   I’m so done.
 Ever wish you could just be a bird  fly around shitting on people all day? What a life.
 Confirmed: Theresa May has resigned as PM so she can appear in the love island villa this summer. Can t wait to see her doing bits in the hideaway
 The girl with the cheetah printed converse shoes on the 12th floor of EdB. Can you move love  I m trying to revise can t stop looking at you  thanks x
 Nothing worse when people say things like  you have to be autistically intelligent to do xyz . Autism is where your brain works differently to other people s and you have difficulty communicating etc  it has nothing to do with intelligence and in fact autistic people can often find it more difficult to understand things. Educate yourselves and stop being so ignorant
 Part 3 of Cv ghost stories  Right I need my fellow STEM students to explain the mechanics of this situation bc I’m shook.  Multiple times this year things have been falling off my shelves after being left alone for hours/ days and when I’m on the other side of the room. We are talking projectile motion people! The worst I had was when my makeup tub was thrown off my shelf along with some vitamins. I tell you the aftermath was a mess. I was originally near my bathroom and so had no part in this process.   Try and convince me that that isn’t a ghost!
 Genital warts Is going round ladies and lads  stay safe
 @#leedsfess15969 even your fess page looks BTEC xx
 Finessed the free breakfast: pastry from common ground  keep old bar sandwich for lunch. You re welcome.
 Part 2 of Cv ghost stories  Now for my haunting story. Ya gal was an idiot and left her phone locked in her room when I went to the library but fear not  I hadn’t forgotten my laptop or earphones.   So there I was  blasting Lizzo through my earphones while getting on with my mechanics revision when mid song it changed. Without me touching my laptop  I’d gone from bopping to Lizzo to listening to ‘put your head on my shoulder’ by Paul Anka from the 50’s. Now I was FREAKING out. The only other way you could access my Spotify account was by my phone which was locked in my room and my hands were no where near my laptop. So I can confirm  cv’s ghost loves 1950’s songs.
 Why have no student letting agencies thought of buying sofa beds??? Would save so many people from sleeping on the floor
 3 hour exams should be against human rights
 please tell me there are some take that fan girls living amongst us and I’m not the only fresher trapped in a 50 year old woman’s body
 Is anyone else experiencing paranormal activity in Central village??  Part 1 of Cv ghost stories:  Okay  so it all started when my flatmate  E  went to knock on I’s door. Music was coming from inside her room and so E kept knocking. Suddenly the music stopped but no one came to the door. She was obviously confused so she messaged I to see if she was in. She wasn’t. No one was in the flat.  Reluctantly  after being asked by I  E entered the room to find her wireless speaker in the middle of her floor turned off. Now I’m not gunna lie  it’s creepy but easy to explain away. But this bitch ass ghost doesn’t want that.
 Living with a house of Physicists sounds great until you get to exams and all of a sudden everyone has chronic depression and hasn t seen a pint in weeks.
 HB  you’re the cutest girl in Food Science.
 If u have a mullet I will shag u
 My anxiety is so bad that when I manage to actually focus a little  I m hyper aware of the fact that I m focusing and not anxious...which triggers my anxiety 🤣🙃
 shoutout to all the girls on campus with shaved heads  making my femme heart flutter
 Dear #leedsfess16147 should’ve gone to Beckett
 Yeah sex is cool but have you ever cleaned your ears with a cotton bud and got the right spot  orgasmic that is
 I’ve completed 5/7 exams and it’s safe to say I deserve the free copy of Sim 4 as much as the next person. If you don’t see me in my next exams you know why 😂🤙🤙
 Wish we would leave the EU as quickly and simply as the North left the Seven Kingdoms
 Feel like pure shit  just want David Cameron back
 Walking to exam this morning. Wasn’t sure what hall however  luckily there was lots of girls outside one hall and I thought to myself “Ahhh I’m in the other hall then  I’m an Engineer”
 Why is there always some dickhead with a slack line in Hyde Park as soon as it’s more than 10 degrees
 If anyone sees me scrolling through leedsfess in the brother ton instead of working please can you give me a disapproving head shake  a spank and call me a naughty girl
 topless boys outside eddy b can you please be more considerate you re disrupting my learning
 I m going on a year abroad just to prove a point and not because I actually want to go
 As someone from Liverpool doing a philosophy degree  I don t know whether to call out Leedsfess from their ad hominem attacks on my kind or to just find who s in charge of it and set their wheelie bins on fire
 What bugs me is how long it takes to get your essay marks back. If we are late we get marked down 5%  maybe if lecturers are late submitting marked work we should pay 5% less
 Adele was at Grenfell before Theresa May ... Adele for prime minister
 pLeAse fiLl iN mY FrIEnds DIsSErtATioN SUveY iT TaKeS lEsS tHaN A MiNuTE
 JP you look like an egg but you re still pretty fit
 Weltons  I hear the sweet thud of your shit DnB  but please take pity on me  as I have a 9am test and I need my rest
 I just picked up a prostitute on GTA and the controller started vibrating so hard that it fell off the sofa and knocked my drink over. So yh that s how my revision s going
 Just want to thank everybody who hands in lost property or finds the owner. You re all heroes
 Remember to take your calculators to hyde park so you can charge them!
 Did not really expect my third year final exams to be predominantly memory tests
 why are there bees on steroids everywhere?
 Jokes that every 1st and 2nd year enjoying smoking outside the library right now will have to trek off campus because of the new smoking rules from September
 This weather calls for one song: bouff daddy
 Girl whose always in health science with the blonde hair  circular glasses and flares. You’re unreal just wanted you to know that
 my girlfriend’s fanny smells like a peperami and i don’t know how to tell her
 As a girl  does anyone else feel asif they cant wear shorts when it’s sunny for fear of catcalling or attracting unwanted attention?:( want to know whether its just me or not
 Not a Theresa May fan but feel quite bad for her today
 NS & KK you’re the best medic sons a father could ask for. BIG love
 eating crisps in the library is acceptable  but only if you offer one to everyone around you as compensation
 Just seen someone on BBC bitesize in eddy B lol
 James Baillie people:  Everyone else: If I could write you a song to make you fall in love I would already have you up under my arm I used up all my tricks  I hope that you like this But  you probably won t  you think you re cooler than me You got designer shades just to hide your face And you wear  em around like you re cooler than me And you never say hey  or remember my name And it s probably  cause you think you re cooler than me
 s/o to the guy in eddy b today who accidentally played bob marley out loud and later on randomly started laughing by himself  10/10 would relive again  really made some shit revision bearable xxx
 Thank god there’s no noise ban during exams in Hyde Park  idgaf if you got an exam imma blast my toons
 Really gonna miss having a sink to piss in next year. Not looking forward to it at all
 Buying myself a get well soon card cause I’m an absolute sick cunt
 @#LeedsFess16121 make yourself known
 If I had one superpower  it would be the ability to put my stuff down in the library without making a single noise- I can’t take these dirty looks anymore
 a moment s silence  please  for the healthcare students who don t finish placement until august  we might not make it
 Those people who manage to go out 3/4 times a week  smash their essays out overnight and still get a 2:1  and manage to do sport AND look good? Infuriating. I hate them all
 REMINDER that Northern Ireland still doesn’t have humane abortion laws!!!! No woman should be punished for making a decision about her OWN body. Check out the #NowForNI campaign to see how you can help!!!
 Why are people acting like Game of Thrones hasn t been bad since season 4?
 Looking to find more students that are staying over summer. Need summer friends ASAP.
 @#LeedsFess16142 Vegetarian = not eating anything that involves killing the animal. Vegan = no animal products. So cum is vegetarian but not vegan  as long as you re not killing them... xox
 It s all and well being bisexual until nobody loves you  that shit hurts twice as bad.
 Biggest flex: when someone zooms past and overtakes you in the park  but then you catch up with them at the lights 😎
 Right so I handed in my essay a week past the extension and apparently need to fill in a mitigating circumstances form WITH evidence... how am I supposed to provide evidence for a mental breakdown??
 Friend - *sends a meme from a page I can’t see cause I haven’t followed* Me - AHAHAHAHA LMAO DYING OMG STOP
 How is internal bleeding a thing that’s where the blood’s supposed to be? #4amthoughts
 to the girl wearing the black and white daisy coord in brotherton this morning pls comment where u got it from xxx sincerely a girl too shy to tell u how good it looked
 odds on literal satan  becoming the next PM
 is it okay to be 20 and still love pombear crisps
 #LeedsFess16110 i’M oNLy FrIEnDs 8==D WiTH BoYS 8==D CoS THeRe’S 8==D LeSs DRaMa 8==D
 Small blonde girl who caught my attention at the football and I definitely recognised but couldn’t remember where from  reveal yourself. I should have come over and said hello
 PSA shagging your way out of a break up actually works
 I am an exchange student and I ve been staying here for the full year  kinda regretting it since this semester has been hell for me mentally. I ve been isolating myself and now ended up with almost no friends  which results in me not talking to anyone for days or even weeks. I feel like I haven t made the best out of this year since Leeds is full of opportunities and great people  I should be thankful that I had the opportunity to come here in the first place  yet all I do is counting the days till i finally can go back home. I don t know how to make it through exams tbh  all I do is getting myself into fucking k-holes alone in my room because they feel like a big cozy bubble in comparison to this shitshow. Dunno how i ended up posting that on Leedsfess  had to get it out i guess.
 Guys cry too and it s okay my dude
 KH was a better shag than AC just sayin....  😬
 i have this theory that Childish Gambino and Donald Glover are secretly the same person
 People who believe tap water is “bad for or you” or that bottled water is “healthier” are same level as antivaxxers and flat earthers
 If only Econplusdal made videos on how to get your life together
 need your help guys HEART: put the spider in your room back outside ANGRY: kill the spider
 I’m giving up my degree to become a ASMR soap slicer
 everyone on the first year law chat is crying.
 to the boy with the possibly broken arm in eddy b: my day gets better when I see you. can I write my number on your cast?
 REMEMBER! Don’t forget to donate your unused food to a food bank when you go home from uni!
 Got mate who s sucesfully completed 3 years of uni leading a double life in relation to his girlfriend  commendable or sleazebag?
 I LOVE vaping in the library
 Does anyone love Ariana Grande more than the house on Elizabeth Street? Thank u  next song pls
 It’s too much  it’s just all too much
 Feel like pure shit just want regular bowel movements back
 I have fallen for someone I’m convinced is my lifey with 5 weeks of uni left. Heart react if you think it can work  angry if it’s unrealistic.
 Saw the love of my life in brotherton west wing. Boy with wavy black hair  black jumper  a chain and black airforces: marry me xoxo
 First year has been shit ngl  been working my arse off  crippled with anxiety and I haven’t found anyone I really click with or anything I enjoy. I’m too perfectionist about uni work to have any fun or get to know anyone  but at this point too burnt out to even care about my exams. Therapy this year hasn’t helped and I’m genuinely dreading the next two years. Anyone been in my position and can tell me that it’s gonna get better? Could really do with hearing that rn
 Jon Snow: Feel like pure shit just want to shag my auntie again
 I love my housemate  but I’d love to dent her Chillys bottle sometimes
 If I found out the person I was dating was from London  it s an instant turn off and goodbye
 Just found out how many times I’ve ordered from flames  I’m well and truly embarrassed
 sorry to the girl I threw TH s sperm at in common ground  pls can you return it x
 Imagine being from Liverpool...what a sad existence
 If I only poo once on a normal morning and on exam days 3 times in the morning does that mean I m operating at 300% efficiency?
 AR is the absolute heart and soul of IHP  he’s the best tutor that has ever graced our course. Will miss you forever ❤️ #BringbackAR
 To the saxophone playing madman on Hartley Avenue  you’re ruining my relationship. I no longer want to sleep at my boyfriends house in fear of being awoken by your melodic tunes  it’s driving a wedge between us. (This being said you are very talented and definitely shouldn’t stop)
 Thursday is like the day version of September
 HB  I’ve had the biggest crush on you but could never tell you because I was your trainer.
 A homeless man asked me what time it was.  Nearly 8  I responded.  In the morning or evening?  he replied. And I ve not related to anything more this exam season.
 And to the guys that picked up the rubbish outside Lynddon Hall despite it not being yours True Heroes
 If your go-to episode of peep show isn t Dance Class then you re so not rainbow rhythms
 Me - *Sits Down* Come on concentrate...  Brain -*Two Minutes Later* Yeah  I m gonna take my horse to the old town road I m gonna ride  til I can t no more...  Me: no no no  Brain: I GOT THE HORSES IN THE BACK
 Beckettfess has heard your complaints and we have updated from a Google form to a uni truths page. You can now find us at beckettfess.uni-truths.com
 I spend more time smoking outside the library than actually revising
  Microwaving tea makes you an absolute wrong un  (20 marks). Discuss.
 To the person who handed in my Samsung S7 to Edward Boyle at around 11am today  THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart! I have had a really rough morning and when I realised it was missing I had that sinking feeling and I was so close to just collapsing but I thought I d go back and check... when I went to lost property and they got it out and I saw you d handed in (I saw on the lost property slip I think your name started with C)  I just felt so relieved and thankful and reassured that people like you have got my back when I leave my expensive stuff lying around. I know most of the time when you do good deeds like this you never know how people feel about it  so I just thought I d put this out there and hope that you see it. THANK YOU! You are amazing and wonderful and I hope the karma from this good deed gets you 100% in all of your assessments. thank you thank you thank you <3 <3 <3
 Me and Lewis Capaldi are the same: not in the slightest funny but a cool accent makes people believe so
 Fuck fuck fucking fuck fuck fuckity fuck fuck  Why did I pick biochemistry honestly  forget killing Hitler go back in time and kill me 3 years ago who didn t know better the dumb fuck
 Anybody else not finished exams yet but acting as though they are already on holiday
 Our relationship is like the google dinosaur jumping game. There s no connection  but it s still fun to play the game.
 And so  the reign of May shall end in June
 Nothing is more disgusting and unattractive than people not recognising their privilege
 Tag somebody who’s got more chance of a handjob off of the Pope than one from their WCW
 thank you to the kind stranger that left three galaxy chocolate bars at our desk in west building while we were away  was needed xx
 All these freshers complaining about eduroam being shit don’t know what they’re in for when they leave their cushy flats
 All the people who left the stats exam like 40 mins early this morning  you re a bunch of abhorrent bumbaclarts
 PSA: vegan pesto in Aldi is so Peng and also vegan garlic mayo !!!!!
 Only thing worse than the pre-exam poo is the mid-exam poo
 LCS stop sending the same email 4 times challenge
 What s wrong with being a tory?
 Petition to bring back tinder groups?
 The most exercise I m doing at the moment is walking to close the curtains before having a wank.
 might be failing my degree but at least I can impress my friends by knowing all the lyrics to sicko mode
 Susan Boyle: I Dreamed a Dream  Edward Boyle: A fucking nightmare
 people that are good at maths are such virgins
 Shoutout to RG who didn’t look crossing the road and got hit by a bike on the way to her stats exam
 To the people who are done with exams  well done! I m proud of you! To the people with one or more exams to go  you got this! It ll be over soon!
 Imagine being in final year of university and not knowing the difference between there  their and they’re
 MC you re so peng wish I took a shot early on ☹️
 I get really anxious walking through campus  I can’t cure my social anxiety! Anyone else?
 Gotta love when depression says no to revision.
 The girl in the English exam with the leopard print hairband? Just wanted to say you look really cute 10/10
 Everyday it’s “let’s get this bread” but I’ve had enough  must be gluten intolerant - I’m  always bloated and tired. Let’s not get this bread :(
 My friend is heading to Germany for a year abroad and looking for a man Applicants apply below  please only German year abroad students
 It is inhuman how some people finish a full 2/3 weeks before other people. Absolute savagery
 FiRsT yEaR iS sO eAsY  yOu OnLy NeEd 40%
 Unpopular opinion but if you need to put sugar in your tea/coffee your not mature enough to drink it
 Dear #LeedsFess16036  please tell us the initials of your almost girlfriend because this is honestly so cute
 I just saw some girl walking around the library with a hip flask and that is honestly such a mood
 is cum vegetarian? having a moral war on whether i should continue shallowing or not
 love island.... coronas.... sunsets....... Ahhh  can’t wait
 tag someone and if they don t reply in 5 minutes  they owe you a Flames King Kebab
 Headspace has saved my life
 Petition to get speakers for terrace smoking area
 you only get 782 chances with me bitch i don’t tolerate shit
 contrary to popular belief  typing in all lowercase all the time does make me cool
 As a man I wish with all my heart that I was a clickety-clack MacBook bitch.
 As of now  Leedsfess has 18013 likes  Oxfess has 18024.....By the time this is posted we better have overtaken them.
 Tyler the creator makes music for the people who carry skateboards round campus but would break an ankle if they used it
 To the girl sat in the back right of Irene Manton North Cluster (facing the window) 23/05 between 16:07 and 17:47  I was too much of a pussy to ask for your number  so shooting my shot here. Pls make yourself known
 lil bit sad rn
 done more work to achieve a 4.92 uber rating than to pass these exams
 No I will not follow your dog on Instagram
 Carly Rae Jepsen is UNDERRATED and ALWAYS WILL BE try and @me
 Best orgasm I ever had was closing all 47 tabs of past papers  lecture notes and courseworks after my exam  knowing I never have to know any of it ever again cause I scraped a solid 40.
 Ladies  is it a bit noncey for a 28 year old to be hitting on me (I’m 19). Or am I being dramatic? Pls help x
 Me at school: anything lower than 90% is an embarrassment and I ll never be able to show my face to my parents again!  Me at uni: failing and doing multiple resits  aiming for a 40% just to get a degree and make it into the sweet world of unemployment before I die.
 DON’T HAVE SEX  because you will get chlamydia  and die!
 I shat where I ate and regret it!
 Girls of Leeds  if your friend hasn’t told you your fringe suits you then loose it ASAP or you’ll be sat in the corner of Fruity with the Engineers for eternity.
 Not usually into gingers but AG got me going wild 😍😍😍😍
 i swear all depop clothes smell the same when they’re delivered to me #edgyproblems
 Is anyone else the agony aunt of the friend group but whenever you have an issue nobody has the time to talk to you
 And I oop-
 GET. ME. TO. TERRACE!!!
 Are Chilly’s bottles actually worth £20? Love react: yes  angry react: waste of money
 No  I will not stop using bubble writing in my notes even if it is about the Vietnam war and mass atrocities.
 Most things I learnt while AT university  I realise I did not learn FROM university. Anyone else?
 Anyone up for a chill one of these nights just sat staring at stars?
 Wandered innocently into the kitchen at 11pm to find my flatmate playing the Wii Fit stepping game to the Camp Rock soundtrack tonight. I ve stopped questioning these things
 To the southern girl working in LUU coop who fixed the coffee machine for me... can you fix my broken heart?
 I m only friends with boys cos there s less drama
 TD please be mine you re way too pretty for a mech eng student
 people who still take astrology seriously need to grow up
 Beckett in the shadow of Uni of  Beckettfess living in the shadow of LeedsFess. So token
 Sometimes I scratch my sunburn just so I can feel something
 course mates get angry if I say I find an exam easy?? sorry I wasn’t getting arrested in VT over easter rather than studying ://
 I’m being accused of writing a confession I had no part in. Cheers leedsfess  sons crying  nice one.
 I started 2nd year as an optimist. I m finishing it feeling like a fish flopping on land
 whoever keeps playing “i’m horny” in carr mills. please stop reminding me
 Slowest things known to humans  1) tortoise 2) snails 3) sloths 4) exam invigilators collecting exam papers when time is up
 Shoutout to any incoming Irish freshers; prepare to be ridiculed every time you open your mouth  and also like weirdly fetishised. The English are a rare breed indeed.
 Why are 5kg weights light as fuck but you pick up a 5kg bag and you see your life flash before your eyes ???
 Can Old Bar please bring back the £4 students savers fish fingers and chips instead of the £4.50 shite which doesn’t even have baked beans
 Shoutout to the guy who just sat down in Eddy B with 6 apples and ate them all back to back while doing no work
 People who like tonic water are fucking vile
 does Beck in You on netflix not realise how fucking huge her windows are  literally the whole street can see her masturbating?? Probs wouldnt have a stalker if she just bought some curtains
 Girls who listen to Stevie Nicks are the girl versions of Lads who only listen to house.
 I would say my exam fucked me in the ass but that would be a lie as that is pleasant
 Just wanted to let you all know that I love Kendrick Lamar x
 Shoutout to all the warriors teaching themselves an entire module 2 days before the exam  I believe in u
 to the girl who came up to me whilst i was working at uni and asked me my name and if i went to a certain school and that u recognise me  hmu ! I wana know who u r !!
 Very disappointed at the rumour that Health Sciences is full of fit people. I promise you this is a scam  it’s full of sweaty uglies. Don’t bother going it’s not worth the trip
 Go and vote today. It takes literally 2 minutes and is hugely important.  The lack of turnout in young people is partially why we are in this current mess.  Even if you think all of the candidates are trash you can still spoil your ballot paper and it is counted as such.  If you have lost your polling card it doesn t matter  it isn t required to vote. Just as long as you are registered.  If you dont know your local polling station  you can check here:  https://www.yourvotematters.co.uk/faq/voting-in-person/how-do-i-find-out-where-my-polling-station-is
 To the guys with the adorable golden Labrador retriever/ sausage dog cross (?) in Hyde park please be our friends we want to stroke your dog <3
 An eduroam connection might just be the only thing less strong and stable than the government
 Imagine watching a lecture back on Minerva that you skipped and hearing your mates slagging you off in the beginning
 Rihanna lives in London. The Queen has spoken so can we all agree that London is the best place on earth?
 **ATTENTION FIRST YEARS**  They’re giving away loads of cool free shit and food to first years only just outside the union!!  There’s just one thing you have to do  and that’s to lEaVe tHe liBrAry aNd taKe aLl YouR BelOnGiNGs 😘
 Doesn’t matter what you were doing before  once the dressing gown is on there’s no going back
 The only series i’m binge watching rn is my lecture series
 You know you’ve been to indie Thursday’s too many times when they give you a life long pass
 if you use caps lock and not shift you re childish
 Only thouroughbred tories have more than £2 on myprint
 Who is the random old  dude always walking around outside Eddy B with a beanie on asking for rollups. Someone collect there dad please
 I want to ask this girl out but I dont know how we can both manage uni and be with each other. We both do pretty intensive course. Any advice.
 Overheard someone in the union yesterday saying that Lily Allen is performing at the Leeds Ball- can anyone confirm or deny???  I Could do with a bit of Smile in my life
 with the ladybirds of semester 1 & the greenflies of semester 2  will there ever not be an insect problem in leeds???
 Like if you have been personally victimised by LeedsFess not posting your contributions
 Just want a girl who will choke me with her legs smh my head
 Feel sorry for those who never got  to experience the many months of UberEats/Devileroo scamming before they caught on. Those were such monumental and fruitful times  a time where anything felt possible.
 Feel like pure shit  just want the old made in Chelsea back
 I think guys having beards is just a trick to get girls to sit on their face. Tbh though  keeps ya warm.
 Who are the ballers that can afford a wok n go for lunch then
 No seats in the library? Go into the beckett building  there’s always free seats and you don’t need any ID to get in
 If you’re a student you can get the morning after pill free from the brudenell road pharmacy  cardigan road pharmacy  and the boots at the train station x
 wish I could live in the feeling I get when I shovel chips and salsa into my mouth forever
 I’m sorry girls but since when did it become a trend to look like Vicky Pollard
 the leedsfess admins are the pengest
 DnB is the best revision music change my mind
 Can’t deal with these students complaining they never have time to make 3 meals a day anymore  literally cannot remember the last time I cooked anything that wasn’t toast
 spraying yourself with deodorant isn’t a substitute for a shower
 Common ground you got a playlist? Make it public been loving these throwbacks
 Has anyone else noticed the weird clingy relationship between the Roger Stevens ducks?? The male literally follows the female everywhere and must only eat the scraps and shit that follow after she’s guzzled all the food. It’s a bit late for pairing/nesting so is he just a stalker or what  (Yes I do still have exams to revise for)
 Watching porn to learn how to have sex is like watching WWE to learn how to fight.
 If only Econplusdal did videos for uni
 Signed for a house next year only to find that my future housemates’ snacks of choice are chocolate covered raisins 😢 any advice?
 The definition of peak - my ex is flying her new boyfriend to Amsterdam to see loyle carner but I had to cancel the surprise trip to Paris to see childish gambino for her birthday as she left me for him on valentines day 🤔  Still could be worse - good luck with exams people!
 If my grandmother had wheels she would have been a bike
 What is it with housemates stealing your branded spreadables??? Peanut butter  butter  jam? Please stop I payed good money for that
 Being good at giving blowjobs is a skill that will carry you through life
 With all this trouble finding a seat in a library  I m thinking of starting a  save a seat  business in Laidlaw  especially since I basically live here. Comment a time and a seat shall be on offer for you for a measly price of one British Pound Sterling.   T&C: Card Payments are not accepted. No change will be given. Quality of seat is not specified
 I’ve always wanted to try anal. Never thought my first experience would be a comparative politics exam though.
 Girl in politics exam with curly hair and playboy t shirt  when you were twirling your hair couldn t keep my eyes off u lol I think I m in love
 Walking up those steps from roger Stevens to eddy b 2 at a time is such a flex
 Just get me an edgy Leeds arts girl yes please 👌😤
 To all you Chilly bottle haters out there  I took 500ml of white wine into my 9am exam and baby it was ICE COLD for the full three hours.
 Just seen someone from the south coast who lives in a remote village in the countryside who doesn’t even go to uni and potentially does not have WiFi just tag her mate in a leedsfess wtfffff
 How am I meant to pass my geography exams when we are only allowed to use HB pencil? My colouring in skills have all been wasted 😢
 When people try to over take me whilst walking  I just walk faster so we are side by side and they are dying inside.
 Mozzarella sticks> halloumi  anyone who disagrees can fight me x
 A big FUCK YOU to comparative politics x
 I never thought I’d say this but I miss the eduroam wifi in halls  virgin media WiFi has truly set my standards as low as my swiping on tinder
 Just spent half an hour discussing Madeleine McCann rather than revising and I’m now going to have to change degree so she’s a legit dissertation topic possibility
 How does the new season of black mirror have the audacity to come out the day before my last exam  does Netflix want me to fail?
 Whens the earliest can I put my almost girlfriend as my wallpaper without it being creepy? I miss her face too much
 How to be a guy in Leeds: shaved head  Air Force ones  vacant stare  ketamine   How to be a girl in Leeds: Flares  fila disrupters  screams a lot. Ketamine (but free bumps from the guys)
 All these guys out there who won t kiss a girl after a blowjob but we all know you d suck your own dicks if you could 🤔
 can’t believe i live with people who don’t know who the cock destroyers are
 LeedsFess is lowkey the illuminati #conspiracy
 do i do history? yes do i still get confused about how BC dates work? yes
 we’ve gotta get to 18k before oxfess does  rise up Leeds
 Alright stop. Procrastinate and listen Exams are back with a brand new victim  Something grabs a hold of me tightly Anxiety flows daily and nightly Will it ever stop? Yo  I don’t know Get out the tinnies and I’ll go! To Hyde park I rock a mic like a vandal Light up the stage and joint like a candle  Revision  go rush the library that’s full Its killing your brain make you look like a fool Deadly  when you see your phone light up Any excuse for you to turn up Love it or leave it  the sun’s here to stay But get to the library  cos exams are in the way  If there’s a question  yo I can’t solve it Check out the hook while the dj revolves it  Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby  Now that fruity is jumping The bass is pumping  the Vk’s are flying Quick to the park  to the park  no revising Everybody’s cooking like Aldi bacon Burning you up cos your skin is a mess I go crazy when I see a leedsfess Add a little tag for some social interaction Im on a roll with revision distractions Swipe on tinder  might see a bit of action Girlies on standby when I say “hi!” Did I get a text back? No I’m a loser Keep on going  superlike for my future Wifey! Looking for a garden party Hit me up with the price  cos the weather’s so nice!  Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby  Take heed  cos I’m a lyrical poet Leeds on the scene unless you didn’t know it My town  that made all these edgy teens Take enough k to make a horse go green Cos my flow  is like chemical spill Stay away from crispy’s that shit’ll make you ill Forget Terrace  it’s where they’ll make you wait You won’t get a drink before you graduate Who needs Eddy B? First drinks on me Everybody else is at RPP!  Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby Smice smice baby
 frustrates me when your mate goes on about how much they like someone and then makes no move  back yourself cuz
 To the blondie w the glasses that is ALWAYS in the cafe of eddy b  you have the most beautiful smile.... I’m just too scared to tell you xoxoxo
 Everyone needs to stop hating on us geographers  you have no idea how much money we have to spend on sharpies
 Old Town Road and Rockstar by Nickelback are the same song  just saying
 Them beans that have the little pork sausages in make me spunk my northern pants
 You know you re living in a uni house when you can t leave your room without some kind of footwear on.
 Can t wait for exams to be over so I can sit watching The Chase all day
 A definitive ranking of The Doctors: David Tennant Tom Baker Christopher Eccleston Patrick Troughton Peter Capaldi Jon Pertwee Matt Smith Peter Davison Paul McGann Sylvester McCoy William Hartnell Jodie Whittaker John Hurt Colin Baker  Nothing else is acceptable
 Tag someone who’s punching
 If you don t have a MacBook you are not allowed to type loudly end of
 Finally found a seat in the library  downside it’s on the toilet
 @exams 🎶 Hello darkness my old friend 🎶
 Can people grow up and realise every degree is difficult in its own right  doesn t matter if its law or physics  so long as it s not philosophy  it s a degree lvl subject.
 I’m sorry but why does everyone think they’re a professional DJ at uni  put the decks away and grow a personality ffs
 having no exams is fun til all your friends spend every night revising :(
 Anyone else’s snapchat maps full of southerners now that I’ve been to uni
 @ #LeedsFess15673  I will leave my exam early! I’m not gonna sit in an uncomfortable chair for another hour when I could be in spoons because y’all dumbass bitches didn’t revise
 I keep ordering clothes I don t want so I have a valid reason to return them/ go shopping as a revision break
 uni can be so alienating when you re not from a family with parents who can help you out or send you money. run out of money rn bc of work fucking up my pay  explained to my mate i couldn t get a takeaway with her and she goes  can t you just ask your parents to lend you money?  babe my mum can hardly afford to feed my younger siblings  asif i m gonna call up like  oh iya mum  can you lend is a tenner so i can spunk it on some cold overpriced chips  madness
 At first I didn’t believe the stories  how could they be true? Nothing but a myth  a legend they would say. But no  last night I saw him  clutching our very last utensil  the Fork Fairy. ‘Have at thee’ I screamed  but it was too late  and in a ploom of smoke he vanished into the Yorkshire night sky. Heed my warning people of Leeds  hide your dwindling forks... for he is coming.
 Just shat myself the night before an exam  scared I m gonna have a Will Mckenzie moment tomorrow.
 When your housemate sounds like an elephant
 Girls and boys  remember to use your contraception. My hairdresser had a baby the other day  and she didn’t even know she was pregnant
 being shady as fuck is so hard legit can’t keep up with who i’ve told what
 Small dick energy:  I m not being racist but...  Big dick energy:  I m not saying you re being racist but... 
 One day my lactose intolerant arse will learn not to down a pint of milk. Sadly today is not that day
 So I know everyone is talking about chilly’s bottles and it’s annoying but I have a serious question about my chilly’s bottle because I don’t want my chilly’s bottle to get confiscated so the question about my chilly’s bottle is: am I allowed to have my chilly’s bottle in exams or are we only allowed see through water bottles (i.e. not a chilly’s bottle)? Thank you   From a chilly’s bottle owner
 Storage hunters: “mop bucket  easy £50” Me: frantically searches house so I can eat tomorrow
 I just wish i was a frog so I could plap plap plap away from all my problems
 Can we all just grow up and create a hummus society please
 To the peng long haired chef sat in the LUU staffroom today  fancy grabbing a drink sometime? From the noisy typer with the curly hair x
 Love it when the confession pages at other unis are so bad your friends start tagging all their uni pals on Leedsfess posts. Looking at you KV  love you lots xoxox
 OVER a WEEK of wearing my CROCS around campus and STILL NO Leedsfess about me??? what more do i have to do for attention?
 anyone else finding themselves shitting like 8 times a day this exam season?
 Why does NO ONE like afro beats in leeds? i have had enough of listening to techno and fucking drum and bass
 Benjamin Franklin said there were only two things certain in life: death and taxes. But there is a third certainty  that I am going to become a Subsequent Failure at Terrace after the Equity and Trust exam tomorrow!
 Thank FUCK Game of Thrones has finished. Now you can all shut the fuck up about it.
 I have put myself in some very awkward situations over my time let me tell you  but there’s nothing more awkward than s.l.o.w.l.y watching your water bottle fill up whilst the whole of eddy b is standing behind you waiting.
 PSA: People had be better considerate on Friday nights in exam season when they’re coming in from nights out because some of us have the joy of 9am Saturday exams 😢
 Speaking about rabbits  anyone knows what happened to the ones in the garden near health and science? Haven’t seen them in a while
 let s decide properly: which is the actual WORST accent in england?  like for welsh  heart for brummy angry for manc haha for posh london
 Two types of girls in leeds:  1. Girls that like a finger in the arse during sex 2. Liars
 Still waiting on my leedsfess top fan status with the amount of people I tag 🙏
 If you’re not prepared to contribute to the morning after pill then you’re not prepared to sleep with her... just saying.
 Wonder if LeedsFess is going to be active in summer ?
 I revise to animal crossing music
 imagine being brave enough to post on facebook stories
 MM I genuinely think I’m in love with you
 I’m so single and I’ve had no action in so long I sometimes (everytime) when I’m drunk I tickle the inside of my nose just so I can sneeze and have 1/8 of an orgasm  just to add I do this 8 times in a row to be happy
 Saying good night to your Alexa is when you realise it’s time you finally found a lass
 To everyone who treats Edward Boyle as a social hub:  There are these things called pubs  might as well go there if all you’re going to do is chat and do no work whatsoever.
 Unpopular opinion : Emperor Palpatine > Thanos
 You know you re ugly when Laidlaw is busy but noone takes the empty seat next to you 😢
 Lol as if I got the wrong train Currently on my way to Edinburgh ✌🏽Bye exams
 me no study  me no care  me go marry a millionaire   if he die me no cry  me go marry another guy
 The definitive ranking of ABBA songs:  Astonishing tier: Dancing Queen  Voules-Vouz  If It Wasn’t For The Nights  Lay All Your Love On Me  The Winner Takes It All  Gimme Gimme Gimme (A Man After Midnight)  Summer Night City  Brill tier: Take A Chance On Me  Super Trouper  Does Your Mother Know  Waterloo  Angel Eyes  The Day Before You Came  Kisses Of Fire  Honey Honey    Beige tier: Mamma Mia  I Have A Dream  Money Money Money  SOS  The Name Of The Game  Thank You For The Music  When All Is Said Is Done  I Do I Do I Do I Do I Do    Abysmal tier: Chiquitita  Fernando  The Piper  Soldiers  Happy New Year  Knowing Me Knowing You 
 There s2 types of people. Those who think MCR stands for Manchester and those who went through an emo phase xx
 Going home when you live in a small town is the worst
 I tried snorting it up the other nostril but it just doesn’t go up the same
 For all of you concerned with climate change  you should ALWAYS let your man hit it raw. Think about the turtles choking on used condoms. Not pretty is it.
 You really think you can save a library seat with LIBRARY BOOKS ?! LOL that s my seat now.
 I absolutely adore my friends. Truely  honestly. But none of them are even vaguely good at time keeping. We agree to meet at 10: the first person arrives at 11 and the last person arrives at 2. It s beginning to grate on me but there s nothing I can do about it.
 It s getting incredibly hard to read my notes. Tear splotches keep ruining them.
 Old bar > terrace
 Ngl criminology is the easiest degree  I haven t done shit all year
 You know it’s bad when you wake up in the middle of the night and have to drink a can of cider to get back to sleep
 I have no shame in being a basic white Lewis capaldi fan girl
 none of the abortion bills punish the woman getting the abortion  they punish the abortionist  no matter which side you re on  you should care about the facts of the issue
 So it’s 1:25am on Monday morning  my dissertation is due today  I thought it was due next week  I only have 2 000 or the 12 000 words I need  send help
 why is everyone who works in terrace so fit like cmon guys i’ve got essays to do here  this is distracting...
 Don’t forget everyone  free old bar breakfast starts tomorrow
 Unpopular opinion: Anyone who likes Tyler the Creator really has a shocking taste in music
 making a private instagram to show off the fact you do drugs is sad  go do something productive with your life
 Imagine still being 19 in second year... grow up
 If there s any other law student crying right now  Can we cry together please why did we even signed ourselves up for this
 Literally how are the leedsfess admins gonna get their degrees? Having to post every other minute is the highest level of procrastination
 I just saw a guy try to lick a moving bus and if that doesn t describe Leeds in a sentence  then I don t know what does.
 Checking in on Facebook at the hospital should be against the law
 Unpopular opinion but Nando’s is extremely overrated  why do people get so wet over chicken and chips
 I ve had 4 deliveroos today for which i make no apologies
 RE #LeedsFess15416 : 1. Talk about your well-being issues if they dont know about it yet.  2. Bring up whatever the thing is that you bought.  3a. If they seem cool with it but maybe not with £200;  it was just £50  and if they already know how much it costs -  i got it at a sale .  3b. If they seem against it;  a friend no longer needed it/never used it so gave it away/ found it sitting outside/ competition prize etc. 
 to the girl eating crunchie rocks in eddy...you are my idol
 Unpopular opinion: the end slices of a loaf of bread are supreme
 IG  should ve asked you out before you moved back home  you re honestly so attractive
 Exam hacks for a final year:  1: Always look up past papers. Lecturers are extremely lazy and recycle questions year after year. Some questions pop up 8-10 years in a row. Guarantee yourself a first by revising topics that consistently pop up.  2: If an MCQ is not negatively marked always put down  false  instead of  don t know  if you re unsure. Most questions are false so you ll get more marks than you lose. Especially if there is only one correct answer.  3: Even if you don t know a question never leave it blank. The mark scheme is highly interpretable. Some of my lecturers have openly said if you rewrite the question in two or three lines of an essay they ll automatically give you 40% as it at least shows that you understand what is being asked even if you are unable to answer it.  You re welcome guys. Try to relax and remain positive xoxo
 The cheek of people who speak loudly in the library when they have wired earphones and Dell laptops
 To the lad swimming in the water fountain at  central village at 4 am this morning  1. Fit body. 2. You probably have herpes now.
 Please don t slam your doors
 Can I offer you an egg in these trying times?
 mY SpLIt fArE dOesNT wORk.
 Leeds pubs ranked: Good tier: All of the pubs Shit tier: Royal park pub
 Going to Eddie B just to look at all those cool edgy outfits
 AF just want you back round 8 North Hill Road one more time 😩😩😩
 1 fork left between the 4 of us how about everyone else
 Exams have hit me hard so I m growing a breakdown beard
 Over heard the receptionist in halls on the phone “can we please find someone who can cremate the dead rabbits”
 Anyone else feeling sorry for their laptop being on all day
 Just realised that you go through life without ever seeing your chin irl and it s really affecting me like you groom it  feel it  stroke it to feel supreme but never actually see the fella with your own eyes.  Can I have mitigating circumstances for this please?
 The only complements I get these days are from Quizlet when I complete a study set
 Never have I ever had a fight in fruity
 Will the kwl kids in chestnut villas ever stop playing shitty bass and actually revise
 The death penalty as a punishment for abortion is a bit hypocritical  don’t you think? Not ok to murder a unborn child but perfectly ok to murder a fully grown woman.
 Why do I keep falling for people in 0.02 seconds
 I may be failing my exams but at least my Sim is happy he got a new washing machine
 I am pleased to announce that after two years of daily sainos trips in Leeds  I have finally signed for a nectar card
 Just want a friendship group to adopt me for the weekend who will watch Eurovision with me because none of my mates will watch it ☹️
 If you have to say “I’m not racist but...” to justify what you’re about to say  it’s probably racist. Stop it.
 Actually don’t know what I’m gonna do after canal mills closes  where am I gonna get fucked up every Friday?
 I m thinking of starting a petition to get all promoters banned from Leeds Uni Tickets  who s in?
 leaving the library walking across the road without looking left or right...  ...bY acCIdEnT
 Seen a lot of posts on Leedsfess with people worried about moving into a house of girls. I just want to reassure that I lived in a house full of girls this year and we didn t fall out once! We all had our days when we were stressed and tired and grumpy but you ll have that with anyone! Don t worry  if you actually like the people you re living with you ll be fine!
 Definitive ranking of Hyde Park summer tinny spots:  God tier: mid-way up the hill  right in the middle. Facing in the direction of May’s. You’ve clearly sacked off library early to get this god tier spot Good tier: lower down on the hill Average tier: other side of main path on the side of the skate park Bad tier: Henry price side where quidditch happens Shit tier: not going Question your life tier: anywhere based on the availability of trees for your tightrope
 Why pass your exams when you can pass away
 Wonder what the old bar cooks think when they see my order of pulled pork potato stack topped with vegan cheese....
 Note to self on nights out: shut the fuck up
 All the music nerds are gonna be listening to Tyler the Creator s new album but the real ones be listening to Carly Rae Jepsen s new launch
 Some cretins actually commenting on some LeedFesses of people reaching out for help with mental health “end it”  ARE YOU OK???? Do you not understand some “banter” like that is EXTREMELY fuckin stupid and disrespectful?? Actually grow the fuck up
 I dont think my gf knows that I am really lonely and depressed. I tell her I have always been like this but secretly im just trying to convince myself I can cope with it. Now I get the impression she feels smothered and I dont know what to do to stop it jeopardising my mental health  her  or our relationship
 Nothing says exam season quite like oscillating between stress constipation and diarrhoea
 The only degree I’m involved with is getting to the library and then turning 180 degrees and walking to terrace
 rumour has it that SP has been an unfaithful girlfriend
 So the weather has been shit all year and now when we all have to revise it’s suddenly beautiful? Scam.
 Although you may be stressed about exams  take a moment to be grateful for the fact that you are at uni at all. A lot of people around the world don’t get opportunities like this.
 Aimlessly copying the lecture slide into your notes in an attempt to look productive when really 0% of the information is even being processed by your brain let alone remembered
 Taking advantage of 24 hour Laidlaw and having pres and/or afters in a group room - acceptable behaviour?
 We all have that friend that is valium in human form. Love you  you lazy bitch x
 Unpopular opinion: beers taste like barf. ALL BEERS
 Motivation... Motiva............ Mot.................. Mo.................... Modafinil.
 Ngl  people in Leeds never got over skins. The amount of wannabe effy stonems on a night out is tremendous
 Good luck to Madeline McCan in her GCSEs!!
 People need to grow up and make a Bitmoji so I can stalk their location
 Unpopular opinion: if my degree is harder I m allowed to complain about it
 What is with British boys and always having their hands down their pants lmao
 So many people posting on here about mental health support so a little PSA : leeds is actually amazing for all the support it has   here are some you can look up . Havent put links but theyll come straight up on google :   - Uni of and Beckett both have a free counselling service you can self-refer to on their websites .  - Leeds uni also have workshops and peer support groups ( all free )  - nightline have free phone line and online chat   now both 8pm-8am everyday during term time  - leeds Mind offer low-cost and free services such as counselling or support groups  - the market place offer free mental health support drop-ins and peer support groups for 13-25 year olds  - the leeds survivor led crisis service have crisis services including : connect helpline   crisis house   crisis BME specific house and crisis cafe  - Leeds NHS IAPT offer free counselling for anxiety / depression ( self ( or gp ) referral ) . They also have courses for stress and anger control  - papyrus and samaritans have crisis phone lines ( also you can still use childline phoneline and online chat  if 18 )   - young minds has a young person advice line  - BEAT have student and adult helplines for EDs - battle scars have free peer support groups for self harm ( inc eating disorders but not drug/alcohol abuse ) in and outside of leeds  - Forward leeds have support for drug and alcohol abuse  - carers leeds offer support services such as peer groups and befriending for people who are carers  - check out Leeds Mindwell for more links if looking for help for a specific issue .  - comment if ive missed any out .  There is ALWAYS support somewhere
 to the boy who stopped me getting into my uber today and said you always see me about uni and thought i looked nice sorry i ran off into the car xxx you were really nice sorry for being rude
 I ll never get why people boil oats into disgustingly goopy porridge slop when you can bake them and have DELICIOUS GRANOLA
 So watching grey’s anatomy and Meredith’s little speech at the beginning of the ep is the content of one of my lectures. So technically  TECHNICALLY not procrastinating and learning WHILE having fun ! !
 Opening a fresh 6-pinter and having to use the precision of a fucking brain surgeon to not over-milk your tea
 Can whoever’s alarm going off on Hessle View Hyde Park turn it the fuck off!!!!!! It’s been going since 3AM & it’s 7.15pm!!! everyone is going insane #PetitionToGetYouEVICTED
 Overheard in Hyde park today:   but now I m into harder narcotics   And yes it was a posh southern girl  Daddy would be proud
 Actually witnessed someone doing a £70 shop in Tesco express  don’t even have that in me bank account
 Good luck to everyone studying Comparative Politics  you’ll need it for such a hard exam! No  really
 Rule 1  Book 1 - Reference as you go! Don t leave it till the end
 I love comparing peoples instagram photos from their first year and their second year at uni because oh how your egos and edgyness skyrocketed! What do you do with all these clothes over summer once you return to your little village in the middle of nowhere??
 im sorry my hair is everywhere and that i shed like a cat.
 just in shock when realising that my flatmates think that the Earth is flat (they even want to create a society) please send help :))))
 @ anyone who plays football in the crowded areas of Hyde Park: Your parents don t love eachother any more and it s your fault.
 No one: Absolutely no one:  Me posing for a photo:  (☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞
 People cheering that Jeremy Kyle has been cancelled following the suicide of one of its participants should also be boycotting Love Island. If you don’t then sorry but you’re a massive hypocrite. I wonder how many people will feel affected by this message but then conveniently ignore it and keep scrolling  just like they do for climate change  human rights abuses  and animal welfare. As consumers we have a choice
 Depressing when your card declines a coop meal deal
 Cricket boys are shit  except for you MB  you have my heart
 True gangsters know that the absolute god tier mcdonalds burger is a Filet-o-fish. And the ice cream cone beats mcflurry hands down. Fight me.
 Petition for BBC BITESIZE: UNIVERSITY edition.  ♥️ if you need it
 Getting out your 1233 page chemistry textbook in the library is my greatest flex
 I m so paranoid that when I hand in an essay/diss I Ctrl+F and search for any swear words in case my mates thought it would be funny to put any in or in case I forgot to remove any when I was fuming at writing a shite piece of work
 Confused how the sun has made everyone glow up when I ve gone from looking like trash to steaming hot trash
 someone said I look hot and at first I thought thank you then I realised they were referring to my sweaty forehead
 Dear #LeedsFess14857  How dare you disrespect Becky like this 😤 beckanators smash that mf like
 no one: me: ‘turns up to uni literally ONCE’ me: well guess I better see if anyone’s proclaimed their love for me in leedsfess
 Why is world wide web shortened to wwwdot even though the latter has more syllables??
 Really love this ned stark fella. Hope he ends up on the throne ! He deserves it. Ned for the throne xx
 Bye sister
 If you say you don’t go down the Leedsfess posts with initials and type @ with the first letter to see who you can rat out this time then you’re lying...
 I live abroad since graduating and all these fesses about dark fruits are making me miss Leeds more than anything. there is no word in my country of residence for  dark fruits-fuelled flailing to the Pigeon Detectives in Stone Roses at 4am  and it s chipping away at my soul
 i can’t believe i shaved for this
 Supportive exes are actually the best thing in the world! As long as enough time has passed that there’s no pain there! They know you in ways that even your closest friends will never and they just want the absolute best for you! It means the world when you’re going through hard times! Thank you! X
 What if I told u that you don’t pay for vegetables but you pay for the convenience of having them grown
 Been gradually increasing the speed on lecture capture and now I can finally comprehend lecturers on 2x speed and get through a whole module in a days work! Easy work
 It’s 20 degrees  put your tops back on you gimps.
 shoutout to AS for being the realest french professor out there
 I saw a gentleman clearing up your rubbish from the park today. If you re enjoying your time in the sun please put your rubbish in the bin. It isn t hard to do; there are bins all around the park. People leaving their rubbish are the same people sharing videos of plastic straws in the oceans. All talk  no action. Shame.
 STOP SPITTING ON THE FLOOR YOU CRETINS!
 What do you do when your library bae stops coming to the library? Should I be worried? Come back to meeee
 Can LS stop making out with every boy in Aviation. It s getting a bit ott... xx
 thank you uni you sweet heart for fucking up my sleeping pattern x
 People bum ketchup but you haven’t lived until you taste Dutch fritessaus
 It s literally just a bit of sun  why is everyone so fit??
 greenfly flew into my mouth this morning as I was running... that s a sign from nature that I should never do exercise again  right?
 F this is getting silly give me my bra back
 Something to think about - when you drink out a mug  you drink it as if it’s tea or coffee even if it’s straight gin   Just think about it
 My biggest concern at the moment isn’t exams  it’s the fact that I’m running out of money to buy monster
 Who give a shit which uni you go to can we all just agree Leeds is the best city in the fucking world
 you know ur flatmates night have some boundary issues when they don’t find anything odd about sharing a vibrator ?!?!
 You should be revising right now not on Facebook
 DB is the fittest guy on campus
 Just want gavin and stacey series 3 on netflix tbh
 I d rather choke on a cum rocket than feel a slimy wet rubbery mushroom slide down my throat ever again
 Do you ever get sad and think that there s so many fit girls in the eddy b that it s just not feasible to marry them all
 I often wonder what my greatest achievement at Uni has been... and then I look over at the Old Bar stool in my living room and it all becomes clear.
 Anyone else really wanna shag headspace man  feel so close to him
 Is it a flex for beckett boys to pretend to be uni of boys?
 Feel like pure shit just want Jaime Lannister back
 Eddy b silent study is so grey it gives me seasonal depression
 other students with ADHD/ASD/ADD have any studying tips? drowning in deadlines and revision and cannot get me brain to focus  SOS xxx
 I just heard Jodie Comer s (from Killing Eve) real accent for the first time and now I m questioning everything
 In every house is the top shagger  and that happens to be me
 Anyone else feel sorry for James Charles like I know he’s majorly fucked up but still feel sorry for him
 Wake me up when clubs stop playing freaky Friday!! My little black eyes don’t know where to look when it gets to *that* part
 MA has a crush on CG
 Burger? Ketchup  Fish and chips? Ketchup  Pizza? Ketchup  Shepherds pie? Ketchup  Ham butty? Ketchup  Cheese toastie? Ketchup  Meat pie? Ketchup  Tuna butty? Ketchup Fajitas? Ketchup  Ketchup? Ketchup
 Hey  this is a message for the guy who is a 1st year maths student (I think)  lives in Lupton and fell off his bike on Woodhouse lane on Sunday evening - can you please let me know if you are alright? Waited with you for an ambulance and want to check that you’re okay. Hope you recover quickly! Xx
 OM having large breasticles doesn’t make up for your lack of personality
 If the passing of the new abortion laws in Georgia don’t scare the living shit out of you then you are part of the problem
 To the people at the geography ball sat at the  iceland  table - you re abhorrent  disrespectful to guest speakers and I hope you all fail to get grad jobs. Terrible people.
 very serious: old bit of brotherton  silent study laidlaw  eddy b postgrad floor  serious: eddy b silent study in the wings  unserious: common ground  west bit in brotherton  very unserious: any sofa in any library  edit room  cafe nero in laidlaw
 Sometimes I think I have it bad but then I remember that girl who got  Baby Shark doo doo doo...  tattooed all the way down her forearm and I feel a little better
 Making jokes about people being ‘povvos’ because they don’t have AirPods or Disrupters might be a joke but it’s isn t funny and you are definitely a twat. I cannot imagine how deficient and inadequate a person must feel to think laughing at poor people is funny
 it s ok to get with your flatmate on the last week of term right?
 My kill death ratio against these green flies is elite
 The people who find Lewis Capaldi funny are the same people who enjoy Brooklyn 99.
 to the absolute QUEEN picking up rubbish walking by Hyde Park.....clone yourself :-))))
 Whoever has lemon and herb at Nando’s doesn’t deserve to eat at Nando’s
 Think its time u made the next move FW
 So deep into maths revision that I ve started saying Omega instead of Oh My God  😭
 J  it s really shitty what you re doing  texting me to try and keep me on the hook when you have a new gf. Please have some human decency and kindness for both of us and stop.
 Here’s the real tea: anyone who enjoys formula one is secretly a 50 year old nonce in a 20 year old’s body
 How am I supposed to love myself if my name isn’t even in mambo no.5
 Sometimes I let MD play with me under the table in Eddy B
 at least we don t go to oxbridge
 Looking to start a Geordie shore appreciation society. Any takers?? Feel like we are a dying breed 😢
 I had a date tonight and she never turned up  we d texted about it just two hours before... I just sat there for ages waiting  feeling like an idiot. I just feel so fucking empty... I m gay and it s so hard to meet girls and when I finally meet someone I get stood up.   So to the girl doing biomedical science  and anyone else who s ever stood someone up... please just tell them. It s awkward but it s so much kinder than making them sit there and wait  hopeful that you re just running late. Don t be a dick.
 CRJ  your cum tastes like tika masalla
 Real skills is trying to make a point through the whole essay based on absolute non sense but still making it sound convincing
 S/o to the opera singing fossil collector at fruity  we loved the song
 I think I ve proven that engineers think outside the box by using McDonald s BBQ sauce as a substitute for shoe polish for the Engineering Ball
 Most naïve things I said before uni: “I’m definitely going to meet my soulmate at uni” “uni will be great because I’ll finally be studying a subject I enjoy”  “thank god for the free gym membership. I’ll go at least 3 times a week” “I can’t wait to get involved in loads of societies”  “I’ll only use my overdraft for emergencies”
 Wish EA would reply to my messages on tinder  cos she  is an absolute cutie
 Petition for everyone to keep their headphones in when using the library toilets so that we don’t have to hear each other’s Tesco meal deal farts and caffeine induced bowel movements
 Where are the girls who like on top at please xxx
 The fucking boar that killed Robert Baratheon can sit on the Iron throne for all I care
 BG you are SO FIT why are you such a shit shag??
 The girl I m seeing goes away on Friday for 4 weeks and I d be lying if I said I wasn t absolutely gutted.
 TH I love you and I’m so sad and sorry that everything got fucked up. I really value our friendship and I just want you to know what while things are hard and you’re struggling to see the light at the end of the tunnel  you’re doing really well and are a wonderful human being who is going to achieve great things x
 Never having sex again after getting cum in my eye  that shit burns
 Canal Mills ruins lives  should have shut it down when they had the chance
 got an essay due in tomorrow that hasn’t been started  yet here I am watching videos of homeless dogs picking out their first meal
 Just want someone to spoon at this point to be honest
 Some of you never watched Avatar: The Last Airbender while growing up and it shows.
 @canal mills where is ur soap
 Went to the clap clinic  and of course the attending nurse was an ex-conquest. The look on our faces when it turns out I had chlamydia. And we didn t know who gave it to whom. We re still shagging tho  so it s cool. Gays aren t phased by anything.
 Uni of boys suffer from washing machine syndrome. There is no known cure.
 Key club is for people who used to do the naruto run in high school
 I have enough empty toilet roll tubes to make an art attack castle
 AH  you’re the best I ever had.. the fine balance of a  jackhammer and cuddly bear
 i go to york uni but im from Leeds so just thought I’d say hi. that’s it.
 Anyone else’s housemates keep turning the heating on at night? It’s like trying to sleep on a clammy Mediterranean holiday with none of the perks
 people who think the earth is flat have clearly never walked up the hill from leodis/monty b to uni of leeds.
 Seeing my ex ting on a night out honestly is the biggest night ruiner...
 even though i ve been trying since i arrived i still haven t made any friends here and it s starting to get lonely..... i was really looking forward to going out at night and studying with friends in cafes and  living the student life  but outside of lectures i barely leave my room anymore. i do my best to go out and enjoy time by myself but if the next few years are all like this i don t know how long i can cope
 It’s breakfast -> dinner -> tea! Bitch what the fuck is lunch??
Please be #LeedsFess10000 Please be #LeedsFess10000 Please be #LeedsFess10000
It really fucks me up when people say uni costs £9 000  does the £250 mean nothing to you??
I can t sleep at night knowing the 2 clocks in the conference auditorium show different times
To KS  Every time I see you in worsley my heart skips. I love your weird brummy accent and afro. Marry me 😍
Life Hack: Proud uni-of  student  but hate not being able to eat in the librarys without the food police attacking you? You can use the Beckett library  just go to the front desk and ask for a day pass (valid till 7pm)  it’s cush af and you can eat and work till your heart’s content
Every law student misses IC and they know it
If you have an American accent  GROW UP
CN you’re sooooo attractive and so nice but your boyfriend is a piece of shit and waste of space. When you gonna leave him for me?
If your belly doesn’t pudge out  you can’t claim to have a food baby  change my mind
I’d flash my tits to my dissertation tutor for a 2:1
Things that are overrated 1. Creme Eggs 2. Nando s 3. Beaver Works
Don’t throw our away sponges  throw away your girlfriend
Why are male toilets always so disgusting? Like bois for real potty training was 20years ago its time to learn to aim inside the loo
Shoutout to my girlfriend and her mates  you guys are the best and are a great part of my life
AK  having an extremely high body count isn’t a substitute for a personality
Aviation boys are peng  no questioning. xxx
After a few difficult conversations with my girlfriend  I think I m finally ready to admit that I suffer from depression/anxiety  and have for a few years now  however (and I know this may seem stupid) I don t know who I would speak to about help and medication  do I speak to a councillor  or will any old GP do the job? Any and all advice is appreciated TIA
Do people actually know how to wash their face in the sink? Every time I try I end up creating a swimming pool on the floor
MP I know you read these & I just wanted to tell you I shagged two of your exes over Christmas  have a good one 😘
Anyone who says they actually enjoy fruity are lying and I won’t hear any different
RSS why won t you reciprocate my memes you tease
DS it s cool that you have a bird and all  but I can hear you shag when I m cooking my tea
Do guys who slide in to dms with ‘hey bighead’ actually get replies??
Any French boys in Leeds? Its been 6 months and I m in need of a good seeing to.
Glad third year English students have grown out of clapping after lectures
Running a pizza rating Instagram page is not a substitute for a personality
Is there any feeling more satisfying than when you have 12 hours left to submit your coursework that counts for about 70% of your module and you haven’t even started  but you’re just sitting and rewatching Game of thrones again like you actually have the time?
how am i supposed to procrastinate doing my dissertation if leedsfess is down?
Need a support group for labour supporting students who want to leave the EU. Sick of people thinking remain is the default position of the left and that all lefty students are automatically  remainers. There are plenty of reasons why a socialist would want to leave the EU  and it doesn’t make us racist  / stupid / brainwashed.
If I get with someone who’s in a relationship who’s the bigger wanker me or them? Like for them heart for me
How is it that I attend a Rusell Group university  yet I still have to sing the alphabet to do me references
To the blonde girl that pushed my head to the floor in the middle of fruity: what happened to girl power  I wish you weren’t a female. I wasn’t even dancing on you or your man. Grow up.
My family are all proud of me for getting into uni. But all I do is bang out solid 2.2’s the night before in a media degree
At this point  only the Pearls bubble tea in the union is keeping me going in the computer science labs
Sometimes I turn up to pres in my Chemsoc hoodie just to flex on everyone else
HD I’m in love with you  just thought you should know xoxo
me walking to my personal tutor meeting: I m gonna be honest and talk about how much I m struggling with uni for once Personal tutor: hi! How are you? Me: I m great thanks!!!
React if you wanna shag your ex
Did you know that tom zanetti owns mission
I’m so deep in the friendzone that the girl I like will send me nudes to make sure they’re sexy BEFORE she sends them to other guys. Can I get an L for another fallen soldier
Just need a big booty brunette 🍑
I fEeL aTtacKeD  DiD yOu WrItE ThIs?  CaN t ReLaTe x  I FeEl PeRsOnAlLy ViCtImIzEd  tHiS iS sO yOu! x  TrIgGeReD  ToRy  shuuuuuut the fuck up
my housemates think im really antisocial but i never watch tv with them because one of them just talks over everything then asks questions about whats going on and if you d just LISTENED YOU WOULD KNOW THIS. maybe i am antisocial.
Man  the Libby Squire case has truly fucked me up. Women are never safe  even outside their own front doors. Girls - stick together. Clearly putting each other in taxis is no longer enough. Make sure your friends get home safely. The world is a dangerous place.
EP Bio 2nd year. You looked fiiiiiiiine today  made all the struggles of revision worthwhile
Just left my change in the self checkout machine in Morrisons. Fuming. Happy birthday to whoever picked it up I guess
Toilets in Worsley are the best on campus change my mind
If you’re in the library and you have your phone on loud whilst playing a game and in a group chat which is very active  then you deserved to be at trinity  FUCK OFF some of us are trying to get shit done
My family poops big. Maybe it s genetic  maybe it s our diet  but everyone births giant logs of crap. If anyone has laid a mega-poop  you know that sometimes it won t flush. It lays across the hole in the bottom of the bowl and the vortex of draining water merely gives it a spin as it mocks you.  Growing up  this was a common enough occurrence that our family had a poop knife. It was an old rusty kitchen knife that hung on a nail in the laundry room  only to be used for that purpose. It was normal to walk through the hallway and have someone call out  hey  can you get me the poop knife ?  I thought it was standard kit. You have your plunger  your toilet brush  and your poop knife.  Fast forward to 22. It s been a day or two between poops and I m over at my friend s house. My friend was the local dealer and always had  guests  over  because you can t buy weed without sitting on your ass and sampling it for an hour. I excuse myself and lay a gigantic turd. I look down and see that it s a sideways one  so I crack the door and call out for my friend. He arrives and I ask him for his poop knife.   My what?   Your poop knife  I say. I need to use it. Please.   Wtf is a poop knife?   Obviously he has one  but maybe he calls it by a more delicate name. A fecal cleaver? A Dung divider? A guano glaive? I explain what it is I want and why I want it.  He starts giggling. Then laughing. Then lots of people start laughing. It turns out  the music stopped and everyone heard my pleas through the door. It also turns out that none of them had poop knives  it was just my fucked up family with their fucked up bowels. FML.  I told this to my wife last night  who was amused and horrified at the same time. It turns out that she did not know what a poop knife was and had been using the old rusty knife hanging in the utility closet as a basic utility knife. Thankfully she didn t cook with it  but used it to open Amazon boxes.  She will be getting her own utility knife now.  Why was this not in the bathroom instead of the laundry room? We only had one poop knife  and the laundry room was central to all three bathrooms. I have no idea why we didn t have three poop knives. All I know is that we didn t. We had the one. Possibly because my father was notoriously cheap about the weirdest things. So yes  we shared our poop knife.
Unpopular opinion: David Attenborough is boring.
Moments silence for all those lads that can t grow a connecting beard
theres a girl on my course that id shag to smitherines but she has a boyfriend; how do I tell her how i feel (im bigger than her boyfriend so he cant do shit to me)
I finally know what women have been complaining about for years. Hooking up with someone then not ever getting a text/call back has to be the most emasculating thing ever. Like DAMN even if you wanted me to be your booty call id be up for it. Anything to give me back  my dignity at this point you have my number damnit.
MM can I wife you already?
Not exactly sure what excuse I’m gonna have for second year when I can’t say ‘first year doesn’t count’
We all need to be a bit more Maddie McCann not Maddie McCan’t
Unpopular Opinion: Going to mischief isn’t good at all. You stand anywhere and someone pushes into you or past you  too hot in both rooms and the people in there love themselves way too much.
Every single time I go to the loo on campus I hear someone in the stall next to me taking a shit. How do you all shit so much like wtf? Is it bad diet?? Is it IBS from stress?? Is this why so many students are so skinny???
So LUU is going smoke free  plastic free etc. Can they just make uni free?
everyone tells me how pretty I am so why haven t I been piped in 5 months!!!
Tag a hoe
@LeedsFess9372 You having a laugh  my meal prep involves making a weeks worth of food and eating it all in one sitting like the Augustus Gloop..
FML
To the gal on winfield terrace who sings high school musical and walking on sunshine in the shower every morn on the top floor of the house  thank you for the intimate concert- sincerely  your neighbours (ps the whistling is a great addition)
Friends that ditch you for boys are bad friends
Nothing beats being on FaceTime to your best friend; in complete silence  just tagging each other in memes.
AN INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT TAKEAWAY FROM THIS WEEK - be open minded and have those important conversations!
Reading all these leedsfess makes me glad I m not suffering from poverty and can go to a real uni. St Andrews all the way
It’s cute watching the sports boys wear shirts and ties on a Wednesday  like watching a monkey trying to ride a bicycle
I can t for the life of me remember signalling pathways but my brain has no trouble remembering every single lyric to JLS  2009 album thanks great that
Needed a safe place to admit that I’m addicted to stealing avocados from Tesco.
Some of you didn t experience Yates  before it became Walkabout and it shows
If anyone s feeling down  watch the Inbetweeners bound to cheer you up x
my flatmate waters down the washing up liquid  buy a new bottle u scruffy bitch
When I first saw McDonald’s was making vegan nuggets I was hoping for some sort of super McDonald’s nice quorn chicken but nvm  C- for effort I guess
The biggest mystery in the world is who operates leedsfess? Is it a group of final year students who pass it onto another group when they leave? Is it union staff? Is it a group of lecturers? Will we ever know? The people need answers
Ukuleles are for morons who are too stupid to learn guitar. 🎸
the most worrying thing about brexit is whatever happens it’s gonna fuck up the british politics exam
Never ever isolate a flat mate. Doesn’t matter what you think of them. They are human. They likely don’t know a ton of people here because they aren’t from here. Even if you’re a selfish twat who can’t even think about other people’s emotions  do it for yourself  you don’t want that guilt if you push them too far. Remember you don’t know how close anyone is to giving up  the smallest thing could tip them. Be a civilised human being and be nice to people  if you can’t even do that for your own flatmates you’re not mature enough to be at uni.
Definitive Ranking of Mario Kart Wii Courses:  God tier: Mushroom Gorge  Rainbow Road  DK s Snowboard Cross  Koopa Cape  N64 Bowser s Castle  Good tier: Coconut Mall  Daisy Circuit  Dry Dry Ruins  Bowser s Castle  Delfino Square  DK Mountain  Grumble Volcano  Toad s Factory  Meh tier: Peach Beach  Waluigi Stadium  Peach Gardens  Maple Treeway  Wario s Goldmine  Shit tier: Moo Moo Meadows  Luigi Circuit  Yoshi Falls  Shy Guy Beach   Beckett tier: Moonview Highway
Got in from a night out and ate a whole chilli just to see what it s like...after running my mouth under the tap for 8 minutes I began to question how my life got to this stage
You know you re  a fuckboy when your phone s keyboard predicts the wink emoji instead of a word
I have met my best friends at uni  can t believe quite how lucky I have been
Is it acceptable to shag a girl who s been shagging your best mate?
Proper shite when you realise one of them  I don t like you  Leedsfess  are about you...
Moment of silence for that one honourary flatmate. Nobody realises how lonely it can be to not live with all of your friends and feel like an outsider all of the time  so thanks for taking us in and making us feel loved.
If they leave you on a night out  are they really your best friend? Coz that shit is unacceptable
i just want to eat my carrot sticks in the library why is that too much to ask
Can somebody please explain us international students who the hell is Madeline McKann?
@my ex: jokes over now pls take me back
You even an edgy student if you don t own a Monzo card?
The sun comes out and suddenly my uni work is not that important after all
why does it feel like all of a sudden everyone is breaking up with each other  :(
Convinced that I would have a greater quality of life if I had bigger tits
 I m going to my room to do some reading  is code for I m going for a nap
JS  I don’t remember if I got with u at Bobby’s but you’re lovely and I wanna see u again x
Who are the bigger fuckboys?  ❤️ Geordies  😡 Scousers  😂 Brummies - tryna prove a point
EN thank you for being such a supportive friend  especially the past few weeks and urging me to get help about my mental health. U a real G  love u xo
Funniest thing as a nursing student is when you see junior doctors asking nurses for advice after spending 5 years at uni think they’re better than everyone else
uni of students can t navigate the Roger Stevens building. How would the poor folks cope with the monstrosity that is the Portland/Leslie Silver/Woodhouse hybrid frankenbuilding!
nothing frustrates me more than seeing my flatmates throw away so much food  keep it for leftovers or learn how to portion control it s not hard!
I’m 22 years old. I saw the trailer for the new Toy Story movie and reared up. I just had to get that out..
Really want to know what the public think at the moment so here goes:  Like for the McCans were not involved with the disappearance of Maddie Heart for the McCans were involved in the disappearance of Maddie
I challenge anyone in first year International Business to a game of Bogeys tomorrow.
Describe your library bae below & reply to other comments by tagging people who fit the description Find ur library love ❤️
You really don’t realise how many students there are in Leeds until you’re all crammed onto the 56
really like sleeping with you  but don’t want anything more than casual. But also don’t want you to get with anyone else. Essentially  I want you to be casual but just with me. What do I do aha lol sos send help
Sometimes I can t tell if I actually find a guy attractive or if they are just tall...
To the girl in the bright yellow Oxnard T-shirt on EddyB 12. I wrote 2000 words of my diss today and seeing you was still the best thing that happened  JS x
uni culture is being bullied for wanting a clean kitchen and being outright attacked for asking ur flatmates to be quiet at 4am
ran out of shampoo at some point in December and I’ve been using my flats fairy liquid ever since
Who do you turn to when the NHS fails you
10 Step Study Process: 1. Count the number of weeks left till exam date 2. Have a panic attack cause there is so much to study and not much weeks left 3. Watch a TV show or go out  to relieve stress 4. Repeat the steps every few days 5. Book a trip in Easter 6. Count the number of weeks left till exam 7. Have a panic attack cause there is so much to study and not much weeks left and yet I booked a fucking trip 8. Goes on the trip 9. Repeat step 1 to 3 till the week before exam date 10. Pull a few all nighters and do the fucking exam
A bath cures all of life’s problems
Fun fact: There are more people who are raped than people who lie about rape. There are more people who are raped than people who lie about rape. We shouldn t focus on those who lie when those who don t often do not get the justice they need and deserve. Rape victims are given little to no support  legal help is often inaccessible  people seem to assume that those who are victims are lying and the evidential burden is often disgusting. Rape liars are given a huge amount of media attention  they are rightly discussed and they deserve punishment BUT rape victims aren t given the attention they deserve. There seems to be more discussion about those who lie than those who aren t lying and have had their lives ruined by a horrific act.
anyone else obsessed with trespassing in other unis? started taking souveneirs as well  sheet music  paint; thinking of kidnapping one of them ducks from uni of
Can’t believe I’ve seen posts on here saying that individual action against climate change won’t do anything because the top 100 polluting companies who produce 71% of emissions are really to blame. Companies and governments WON’T change if the consumer / political will isn’t there  so activist movements and increasing consumer awareness are important and will affect positive change! Saying that individual action doesn’t change anything is like saying you shouldn’t vote because you’re just one person. Also  these companies are ran on our money; vote with your money and stop supporting them if you can  instead of just shrugging and saying there’s nothing you can do as an individual. They don’t want to lose profit.  Plus  governments and corporations move slowly but there are things you can do to change today; for example  the UK throws away 7 million coffee cups daily even though it would easy and cheap for everyone to switch to reusable cups. We could stop 2.5 BILLION coffee cups being thrown away every year if each individual made the choice to switch to reusables. But  sure  pollution is just the fault of the oil companies.  Get your head out of your arse  have some accountability  and do what you can.
A one night stand asked me to order him an uber home (out of leeds) as his phone died  so to get him out I ordered him one... As he was half way down a motorway I cancelled the uber claiming that somebody else had taken my uber. He got kicked out and I got a refund for the trip. Guess reality didn t match our expectations. I expected an orgasm and he expected to get a free ride home in return for a 5min fuck. Karma.
Having to dull down my inner Londoner to not come off as a  road  gets hard
summoning circle  i hope this works:                          🕯            🕯                   🕯            🕯     a will to finish      🕯              university and      🕯     not drop out      🕯             🕯                 🕯                       🕯
People who still stick chewing gum under desks should not have been allowed into uni.
Whoever’s car alarm is going off in Leodis... sort yourself out
There’s nothing worse than getting ill a week after being in contact with  the plague. You had me believing that after what seemed like weeks of freshers flu  my immune system had come through stronger than ever. I thought I was indestructible. How naive I was. It simply turns out that the delivery takes 5-7 working days.   A massive thank you to MJ for giving me this gift. I truly feel like death warmed up
What advice would you give a guy who failed 1st year  resat the whole year  but didn t tell his parents  who are expecting him to graduate this year  when really it won t be til 2020? Honesty ain t always the best policy...
https://www.yourhealthinmind.org/mental-illnesses-disorders/bpd Please have a read  makes a world of difference when people can understand.
I had an idea of setting up a similar initiative like nightline where you can call a team at night and talk to them while you walk home - everyone says it’s a great idea but not sure how to go about it. Are there any talented people who could set this up?
sex is okay but have you ever lost your house in minecraft and then found it again
Had a dream last night Meghan Markle overtook me walking up the hill from Leodis  glared back at me  and then crossed the road without waiting for the green man. Fuming... smh
Unpopular opinion: fruity is wet as fuck  full of nonces and full of thirsty gals. It does not deserve the credit it receives . Sorry
In this age of contactless payment there s no point kidding yourself that the £50 birthday money from your grandma is going to be spent on anything other than drugs
KP we all know you let those Becket boys run a train on you  you should probably cut down on your drinking
Staying in and drinking with your housemates and friends is so much better then going out. Fact.
CR you are a gorgeous man and if you think this is about you then you’re absolutely right x
Crispies does the best pizza for under £10 in Leeds. Change my mind.
Pretending that I was shocked to have chlamydia really helped my to Get  mit circs for that exam
The girl who did the worm on stage at bongo’s bingo  I am in love with you.
You ever made a best friend at uni then realised is 2nd  term you kinda hate them... everyone reveals themselves in 2nd  term people
why is everyone at leeds uni either from “london” or the middle of fucking nowhere and there is no in between? is this a special leeds uni thing?
Help pls- there’s a girl who’s a little bit too friendly with my boyfriend  while I’m there  buttttt she’s never introduced herself to me. Starting to get fed up as I trust him completely but not her. Advice please!!!
nothing makes me cringe more than seeing adults on skateboards and scooters around hyde park
AA you’re bad influence on me but you’ve made my life 10x better
People who play music on trains are the worst kind of people. I don t care if it s Friday night  or how good you think it is  no-one wants to hear it
As a neutral who deals with large numbers of students on a daily basis  both serving as customers and managing as staff  I can confirm that UoL are largely arrogant and entitled who expect the world on a plate whereas Becket are harder working and reasonable people who are easy to get along with and have an attitude to succeed
HACK for overcoming the new smoke-free campus!!! STOP FUCKING SMOKING!!! Revolutionary.
Everyone preaches about anxiety and depression but nonody cares for those with “scary” disorders like bpd  bipolar  schizophrenia  ocd  etc. I’m sick of being made out to be a villain by the same people who talk about anxiety and depression on mental health awareness day.
KM writes leedsfesses about herself
Dear flatmates  it was me who stole the batteries out the thermostat. I needed them for my vibrator. I m not sorry.
My drunk texting is getting out of hand  need to throw my phone in a ditch. FYI if I do drunk text you  you ain’t special  I drunk text everyone.
to the guy with the grey hair i argued about taylor swift with in maccies  i would like to say: stop trying to be so quirky hating taylor swift she’s talented and much more successful than kanye west xo
best covers of songs ranked  8). The  7). Original  6). Song  5). Is  4). Always 3). The  2). Best  1). Pam and Mick Shipman’s cover of Can’t Take My Eyes Off You
EL I love you  your lips are the best I’ve EVER see! But why do you insist on getting with other guys on a night out? I though I was the one 😰
The wilderness is a harsh and unforgiving place. However  for one individual  this dangerous terrain has taken a great toll: 1 year has passed and the lonely OM is yet to have found a mate. All of his courtship dances have gone unseen  his displays of bravery and strenght have gone unnoticed and his mating calls have gone unheard. The next breeding season is fast approaching  will OM be able to find a mate and produce off spring of his own? Only time will tell.
To whoever got stood up outside Merrion and left the flowers...thank u my room now looks pretty x
Does anyone esle find the Sainsburys 5pack cookies dangerous? I can down a whole pack in one sitting.
welshies wya need some people to celebrate with tonight #grandslam
Anyone else worried about how Paul Chuckle s getting on now Barry s gone
To all the other Easter Leavers currently drowning in deadlines and departments who evidently don’t communicate with each other - we can do this!!! Few more weeks and we’ll be away ❤️❤️
Important question  if someone shows up on my people you might know on Facebook  do I show up for them too? Cause then ppl are rude af
Today I was merely minding my own business walking into Headingley and coming towards me was an ordinary looking chap. Suddenly he realised the doom which was facing him and he took a sudden  drastic swerve in order to avoid the dreaded 3 drains. Whoever you are  I want you to know  I rate you. Raise awareness folks.
I check leedsfess every day to see if someone’s confessed their love for me but nope  absolutely nout. Sick of this lonely shit man
wind is 100% the worst weather element and no one can convince me otherwise  takes me twice the time to walk anywhere with this resistance
Blondes have more fun don’t @ me
Seretonin available £25 per day  at a 5% interest per month 0% APR representative . Subject to terms of deal all t&c’s apply
Dear sainsburys on royal park road- pls start selling quorn pieces I feel discriminated against whilst everyone else is helping themselves to the dead chickens.
Lecturer: *cracks joke No one: Absolutely No one : Front Row Engineering students: hehehehehe
Postgrad: wanna take part in an hr long focus group study on milk consumption? No one:  Me  a socially awkward mess: Yeah sure when? Next Tuesday? *knows I have deadlines and commitments* See you then!
eating toast is better than having sex
How do people tell others about their sexual diseases? Like boasting about having the clap is such a good thing. How embarrassing for your life. Thank u  next xx
RE: #LeedsFess8507  You only enjoy this situation because you are insecure  and you get off on the idea that more than one person could like you simultaneously. It s not right to your girlfriend to be a cheat  it is never right to cheat. As for the other girl  she literally mugged you off for another geezer... why would you want to revisit that when she clearly doesn t respect you. If you want to be a player then be a man  respectfully break up with your girl and stand on your own to feet. Stop being so pathetically wet about it though.
as much as semester 2 has been much more difficult in terms of work  it’s honestly so much better than semester 1. i have got so much closer with people on my course and i’ve made best friends for life. shout out to all you special people who have made this semester worth it  you’re the best and i love you
How do you explain to student finance England that while my parents earn a lot of money  I don t get anything from them because my lovely dad is mad at me for not choosing the degree he wanted me to study?
Imagine never being taught how to clean up after your self 😷😷
Honestly just want to find a girl who is isn’t afraid to get into a relationship and is looking to have fun. Fed up with the slags who just sleep about and have commitment issues. Honestly get real - there are genuine nice guys out there who aren’t knobs and are loyal and kind!!
Anyone else really struggling with balancing uni/ social life/ work? Cause atm I’m breaking down wondering whether all the stress of uni is even worth a degree
JW if you didnt have a boyfriend i d pound you every day
EB get a back bone and say it to all our faces
Look not gonna lie if you have Grindr and you live in Leeds I’ve almost certainly sent you a picture of my asshole while I’m depressed or drunk. I AM sorry but also I won’t remember your face :/
I wanna drop out of medicine jks but no joke
OG you’re well fit 💦 would suck you dry 💪
People who think it’s hilarious to poke fun at Beckett and basically anyone who isn’t as rich  clever  privileged or obnoxious as you  just admit you hate poor people and fuck off back to Surrey
Maybe Leedsfess is secretly run by the government and all your (supposedly anonymous) posts will one day be exposed to be written by you and then no one will EVER love you  or worse  employ you because they know your dirty dirty secrets 😮😮😮😮
Due to personal reasons I am going to pass away
KH you genuinely have the nicest face in the whole world so I’m sorry for staring but also not sorry
To the jammy bastard who stole my Uber and then changed the destination to far headingley  no one gets in the way of me and my day drinking and you’re a cunt
Honestly if you have an eating disorder an are still making it through uni I am so unbelievably proud of you  keep fighting  things get better
Like for Theresa’s deal Heart for Remain Haha for no deal Wow for Norway (leave the EU  stay in the customs union) Sad for Canada (leave the customs union  negotiate a free trade agreement) Angry for Theresa’s deal if it’s approved by a people’s vote
Please tell me I’m not the only one who doesn’t want to share a house with the people I signed with in December ?? What should I do ? Help
If I fail my degree  at least I can fall back on my pro Wii Sports Tennis career
Sick of hearing Londoners refer to their home as ‘ends’. You all sound so dumb.
I love it up the bum and it’s taking over my life
A gentle reminder that Apple Photo Booth was never funny
When are labour supporters going to wake up from their little bubble. Going to univ and say u support labour just because everyone else does is genuinely pathetic...
Nutoka > Nutella
I really like this guy doing the same course but he’s shorter than me what do I do
NS and CB  stop saying you’re just friends! U bang drunk and sober! Use protection kids xxx
I’m in love with my statistics lecturer CN ... if you know you know
If you get UTIs and don’t piss after sex/wipe forwards I have no sympathy for you. Common knowledge
My little brother’s got an offer from Leeds for next year so he asked me for a review of the halls. Opinions?  North hill court - genuinely never heard of this  sounds awful  looks really really small  flats of four people? Shit  Lupton - underrated! No ensuite and bit far from uni but cheap and very very social  all the blocks get really close  Oxley - genuinely so far away there is no point going here. Yes the grounds are pretty but that’s because it’s in the countryside  Central village - people think they’re sick because it’s posh and close to uni and has a Tesco downstairs but not much character and way too expensive. Supposed to be fairly social tbf but others better  Charles Morris - everyone takes the piss because it’s so fucking expensive. Catered  ensuite  just for people living off daddy’s money City side - looks okay but over priced? Like central village’s younger sister. Bit fancy  next to uni and town but not worth the money I reckon  Devonshire Hall - everyone from private schools goes here. Everyone. My mate who went to Cheltenham ladies college went here. Supposed to be decent but do you really want to hang out with a bunch of Tories? Henry price - okay I think? Like fairly average  on campus  but you might as well go to James Baillie  IQ - Next to leodis but further from uni. Apparently okay but I wouldn’t recommend  James Baillie -  universally acknowledged as the best halls if I’m being honest. Bit bait  ketty  ‘edgy’  hosts pres and afters. Realistically where you wanna be but you have to accept you’re a bit of a twat Leodis - a scam. You know this. Literally everyone applies to leodis because it’s close to uni and has an ensuite for a decent price. But it’s so boring. Deadest pres. no one fun goes here because it’s just people concerned about having the nicest flat. Liberty dock - very very far from uni. Supposedly decent but it’s not worth it. Everyone forgets about you Lyddon Hall - genuinely know nothing about this? I think like a smaller dev Montague Burton - next to leodis. Nice but bit unknown. Underrated I reckon. Close to uni but fairly sociable  The Tannery - where I spent the whole of first year avoiding leodis lol. Therefore will always have a place in my heart. A lot of medics and dentists because close to the hospital. Far away from everyone Ngl. Pretty sociable  nice community vibes   Anywhere I haven’t reviewed isn’t worth mentioning realistically
Re: Leedsfess8377. Sexual assault is something that is extremely traumatic and can have lasting emotional scars. For significant others  this can be very difficult to deal with  as they now have an association of touching with that night. Give her time  be patient. She needs to look after herself and get to a point where she can separate what happened to her from other future sexual encounters. More than ever is she going to need support from those closest to her  to remind her that she is not alone  that she is safe. I know you have to look after yourself and make sure you re getting what you need in the relationship  but she will be so grateful to you for waiting until she is ready  respecting and helping her to be confident in herself again. I really hope that you both are okay  and can work through this together. x
i absolutely love it when a tory equate being a tory with being a minority  as if they have suffered hundreds of years of oppression x
nothing screams tiny dick energy more than those people (boys AND girls) who can’t be arsed to give u an orgasm after you’ve just made them cum
To everyone living in student houses  bring your wii from home up 10/10 will bring back being a child and provide a solid source of exam relief
Uni has made me fat. Anyone willing to help a little fatty out
#suckadicksavealife✊💦
OJ you are the light of my life  I love seeing ur face because it puts me in the best mood every day. Love you long time
I read “sex” as “apex” in one of these confessions and I think that just sums up my sex life 😭
@LeedsFess8251 Yes shaving your asshole for him to cancel
YouthStrike4Climate tomorrow!!! Make sure you get your butts down to the city centre at 11!!
Can we have a Tory safe space - seeing all these poor people on a daily basis makes my eyes sore
idk who needs to hear this but back up ur laptop!!
Think I speak for all girls at Lupton when I say: driver of the white Audi 80  you get me going just like your engine. Have my babies.
My flat mate went to A&E at half 5 in the morning because a lass gave him servere blue balls 😭
Remember when a Series of Unfortunate events was a book and not your life.
Should being able to orgasm during a mid come-down wank he considered an extreme sport??   Asking for a friend
To #LeedsFess8198: better hack is to order pizza hut Margherita with ham on it and when they forget the ham they offer you any free pizza next time you order
Being from the midlands is sad cause I never get tagged in north-south divide shit
Unpopular opinion again but some of us have worked our a** off to be here. Please don t rob another of their learning experience by tapping away at social media next to someone who s actually trying to concentrate hard during lectures. Either get on our wavelength and appreciate the privilege of this Uni opportunity  or stay home.
Secretly wish I was middle class.
I love it that now a lot of guys don t get surprised or judge a girl when she just wants casual sex  signs that the times are changing and I m here for it
SK I think I’m in love with you
Can someone set up a Ru Paul society? Asking for a mate
Never have I ever got head in most of the single silent study areas in Eddy B
Who s that Viking always strolling around campus ? 😍
Sick of boys from  london  acting like they re from ends when really they live in a mansion in watford...
Why are northern pigeons so damn fat
Just FYI just seen Laidlaw cleaners tip all the separated recycling into the general waste bag and change that. Fuck the planet  am I right? Being lied to left right and centre about recycling policies if that s what s happening everywhere on campus...
Can we boycott Royal Park Pub for reusing dirty  leaking plastic cups?
looking for someone else who’s been broken up with recently  want someone to talk to who understands. Also maybe a hug. Cry reacts only
PSA In the Facebook search bar you can search “LeedsFess” and then any words from the fess you’re looking for. Just to save you all time checking yours has been posted
literally every guy date or am friends with seems to have a thorough gym routine thing going on and I m like... wtf  the only fitness routine I manage is running for my bus at Oxley every fucking morning fml.
Hardest part of a Monday: reminding my brain it s sober and can t justify a 9am stop by flames :/
Tag here the guy from Graphic & Comm Media B who looks like DiCaprio always wearing black
get a ginger shot with your meal deal next time you’re hungover and you can thank me later
sick of people telling me how  long distance relationships are better because you value your time together more  - yeah  no  try being in one for a few years and see how you like living in a deep dark pit of addictive wanking.
can someone please explain 3rd year to me? i feel so unprepared about it because no ones actually told me what to expect  like how much time do you actually spend on your dissertation  how much does it count towards your final degree? will i have time for anything else? and will my other modules still give me quite a few contact hours? honestly help pls
If someone finds my serotonin lieing about in Canal Mills somewhere please return to Montague Residences
The only religious organisation I have time for is leedsfess
When birds say  I m actually 18 i dont know why it says 22 lol  on tinder - it s because you got facebook at 9 you fucking mug
Don’t understand how some girls don’t wear bras in public. Whole other breed of people
Going through a hard time in first year is tough. I’ve become too distant from my home friends to talk to them  I don’t want to worry my parents and I don’t feel I know my uni mates well enough to share my problems with them. Please someone help a guy out
I asked my housemate why he chose to sleep with someone who he described as quite unattractive. This was his answer.  Imagine you love chocolate  but you re only given the chance to eat it once every couple of weeks. That week comes around and you are offered a bounty. Sure  you can wait a couple more weeks and enjoy a twix  or you can eat the bounty  still have chocolate  but not enjoy it as much. What I m trying to say is  that girl is a bounty. 
Bringing your mates from home for a night out at fruity can either be a hit or miss🤔
I don’t even know where fruity is... and at this point I’m to afraid to ask
Why do british people actually put milk in their tea? Like wtaf  youre ruining the beverage of gods and making it taste like shit  sort yourselves out.  Sincerley  the rest of the world who enjoy a nice cup of tea x
Wish I was as emotionally strong as our 6 month old washing up sponge xx
MA I miss lying awake with you at 1am while the flat upstairs are rowdy and we’re having deep conversations about life death and everything in between.
Is it possible to meet anyone in leeds who isn t just interested interested in using me as a blow up sex doll?
Is there anything worse than shaving your foof for a shag n then the lad bails on ya
Best place to live in Hyde Park is one of the Thornvilles or the Harolds
Some of you cunts never had your heart broken and it really shows
Vegans  you know you don’t have to upload every picture of vegan food you have and hashtag every ingredient that is in it.
Anyone if you’re buying from amazon  please use smile.amazon.co.uk as then they give a donation to a charity of your choice for every order  no extra charge to you
Pretending to go to the loo at house parties and instead just going to Crispys for some cheesy chips is my personality trait
MW I want to be your part time boyfriend but I’m scared you’ll leave me heartbroken after the month is finished :(
